1 O FOR A THOUSAND TONGUES TO SING!

O for a thousand tongues to sing
My great Redeemer's praise,
The glories of my God and King,
The triumphs of His grace.

My gracious Master and my God,
Assist me to proclaim,
To spread thro' all the earth abroad
The honors of Thy name.

Jesus! the name that charms our fears,
That bids our sorrows cease;
'Tis music in the sinner's ears,
'Tis life, and health, and peace.

He breaks the pow'r of canceled sin,
He sets the pris'ner free.
His blood can make the foulest clean,
His blood availed for me.

2 PRAISE, MY SOUL, THE KING OF HEAVEN

Praise, my soul, the King of heaven,
To His feet thy tribute bring;
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
Who, like me, His praise should sing?
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Praise the Everlasting King!

Praise Him for His grace and favor
To our fathers in distress;
Praise Him, still the same forever,
Slow to chide, and swift to bless.
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Glorious in His faithfulness!

Father-like, He tends and spares us;
Well our feeble frame He knows,
In His hands He gently bears us,
Rescues us from all our foes.
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Widely as His mercy flows!

Angels, help us to adore Him,
Ye behold Him face to face;
Sun and moon, bow down before Him;
Dwellers all in time and space,
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace!

3 HOLY, HOLY, HOLY

Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty!
Early in the morning our song shall rise to Thee;
Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty!
God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!

Holy, Holy, Holy! All the saints adore Thee,
Casting down their golden crowns around the glassy sea;
Cherubim and seraphim falling down before Thee,
Which wert and art, and evermore shalt be.

Holy, Holy, Holy! Tho' the darkness hide Thee,
Tho' the eye of sinful man Thy glory may not see,
Only Thou art holy; there is none beside Thee
Perfect in power, in love, and purity.

Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty!
All Thy works shall praise Thy name, in earth, and sky, and sea,
Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty!
God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!

4 PRAISE YE, JEHOVAH

Praise ye Jehovah, Who from the beginning
What He established in mercy maintains.
Founding, providing, protecting, abiding,
Praise to the Saviour Who constant remains.

Praise ye Jehovah, for heroes before us-
Battlescarred victors at rest from the fray.
Praying, contending, proclaiming, defending,
Faith of our fathers we will not betray.

Praise ye Jehovah, Who like as a father
Comforts our sorrows and quiets our fears.
Chast'ning, restraining, forgiving, sustaining,
From the beginning to fullness of years.

Praise ye Jehovah, from furnace of testing,
Fierce though the fire, the Saviour walks there.
Loving, beholding, preserving, enfolding,
From the beginning till He shall appear.

Praise ye Jehovah, for glories awaiting,
Prizes He giveth and crowns to be won.
Claiming, progressing, obtaining, possessing,
All He has promised through Jesus the Son.

5 NOW THANK WE ALL OUR GOD

Now thank we all our God
With hearts and hands and voices,
Who wondrous things hath done,
In Whom His world rejoices;
Who, from our mothers' arms,
Hath blessed us on our way
With countless gifts of love,
And still is ours today.

O may this bounteous God
Through all our life be near us,
With ever joyful hearts
And blessed peace to cheer us,
And keep us in His grace,
And guide us when perplexed,
And free us from all ills
In this world and the next.

All praise and thanks to God
The Father now be given,
The Son, and Him Who reigns
With them in highest heaven,
The one eternal God,
Whom earth and heav'n adore;
For thus it was, is now,
And shall be evermore.

6 WITH HARPS AND WITH VIOLS

With harps and with viols there stands a great throng
In the presence of Jesus, and sings this new song:
Unto Him who hath loved us and washed us from sin,
Unto Him be the glory for ever. Amen.

All these once were sinners, defiled in His sight,
Now arrayed in pure garments in praise they unite:
Unto Him who hath loved us and washed us from sin,
Unto Him be the glory for ever. Amen.

He maketh the rebel a priest and a king,
He hath bought us and taught us this new song to sing:
Unto Him who hath loved us and washed us from sin,
Unto Him be the glory for ever. Amen.

How helpless and hopeless we sinners had been,
If He never had loved us till cleansed from our sin:
Unto Him who hath loved us and washed us from sin,
Unto Him be the glory for ever. Amen.

Aloud in His praises our voices shall ring,
So that others, believing, this new song shall sing:
Unto Him who hath loved us and washed us from sin,
Unto Him be the glory for ever. Amen.

7 PRAISES FOR THY GLORIOUS GRACE

God and Father of our Saviour,
Praise for glories of Thy grace.
Ev'ry blessing purposed favor,
Granted in Thy Son's embrace.

Refrain:
God and Father, we would bless Thee;
Help us praise Thee in this place.
Hallelujah, blessed Father,
Praises for Thy glorious grace.

Chosen sinners, long predestined,
To be holy, blameless still,
Made Thy sons by love unfathomed.
Oh, the kindness of Thy will.

Thine own Son, love's dear Redeemer,
Ransom's price His precious blood;
Sins forgiven for the treasure
Of that ageless, cleansing flood.

Myst'ry of eternal wisdom,
Thy good pleasure now made known;
Heav'n and earth's entire creation
Bent beneath Thy Son's bright throne.

Thou, intent Thine heirs to make us,
Workest all things to this will,
That those hoping first in Jesus
Might with praise the heavens fill.

Bless Thee for Thy promised Spirit,
Holy Spirit, Christians' seal;
Pledge we shall in Christ inherit
What redemption shall reveal!

8 WE PRAISE THEE, WE BLESS THEE

We praise Thee, we bless Thee, our Saviour Divine,
All pow'r and dominion for ever be Thine!
We sing of Thy mercy with joyful acclaim,
For Thou hast redeemed us: all praise to Thy name!
For Thou hast redeemed us: all praise to Thy name!

All honor and praise to to Thine excellent Name;
Thy love is unchanging- for ever the same!
We bless and adore Thee, O Saviour and King;
With joy and thanksgiving Thy praises we sing!
With joy and thanksgiving Thy praises we sing!

The strength of the hills and the depths of the sea,
The earth and its fulness, belong unto Thee;
And yet to the lowly Thou bendest Thine ear,
So ready their humble petitions to hear.
So ready their humble petitions to hear.

Thine infinite goodness our tongues shall employ;
Thou givest us richly all things to enjoy:
We'll follow Thy footsteps, we'll rest in Thy love,
And soon we shall praise Thee in mansions above!
And soon we shall praise Thee in mansions above!

9 JESUS, THOU JOY OF LOVING HEARTS

Jesus, Thou Joy of loving hearts,
Thou Fount of life, Thou Light of men,
From the best bliss that earth imparts,
We turn unfilled to Thee again.

Thy truth unchanged hath ever stood;
Thou savest those that on Thee call;
To them that seek Thee, Thou art good,
To them that find Thee, all in all.

We taste Thee, O Thou living Bread,
And long to feast upon Thee still;
We drink of Thee, the Fountainhead,
And thirst our souls from Thee to fill.

Our restless spirits yearn for Thee,
Where'er our changeful lot is cast;
Glad, when Thy gracious smile we see,
Blest, when our faith can hold Thee fast.

O Jesus, ever with us stay,
Make all our moments calm and bright;
Chase the dark night of sin away,
Shed o'er the world Thy holy light.

10 BLESSING AND HONOR

Blessing, and honor, and glory, and pow'r,
Wisdom, and riches, and strength evermore,
Give ye to Him Who our battle hath won,
Whose are the Kingdom, the crown, and the throne.

Refrain:
Life of all life, and true Light of all light,
Star of the dawning, unchangingly bright;
Sing we the song of the Lamb that was slain,
Dying in weakness, but rising to reign.

Soundeth the heav'n of the heav'ns with His Name;
Ringeth the earth with His glory and fame;
Ocean and mountain, and forest, and flow'r
Echo His praises and tell of His pow'r.

Ever ascendeth the song and the joy,
Ever descendeth the love from on high,
Blessing, and honor, and glory and praise,
This is the theme of the hymns that we raise.

11 ALL GLORY, LAUD, AND HONOR

All glory, laud, and honor, To Thee, Redeemer, King,
To Whom the lips of children Made sweet hosannas ring:
Thou art the King of Israel, Thou David's royal Son,
Who in the Lord's name comest, The King and blessed One.

O Lord, how shall I meet Thee, How welcome Thee aright?
Thy people long to greet Thee, My Hope, my heart's Delight!
Oh, kindle, Lord, most holy, Thy lamp within my breast
To do in spirit lowly All that may please Thee best.

Thy Zion strews before Thee Green boughs and fairest palms,
And I, too, will adore Thee With joyous songs and psalms.
My thankful heart shall ev er Sing praise to Thee anew;
And from Thy name shall never Withhold the honor due.

What tho' the foes be raging, Heed not their craft and spite;
Your Lord, the battle waging, Will scatter all their might.
He comes, a King most glorious, And all His earthly foes
In vain His course victo rious Endeavor to oppose.

12 PRAISE HIM! PRAISE HIM!

Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Sing, O earth, His wonderful love proclaim!
Hail Him! hail Him! highest archangels in glory;
Strength and honor give to His holy name!
Like a shepherd Jesus will guard His children,
In His arms He carries them all day long:

Refrain:
Praise Him! praise Him! tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! praise Him! ever in joyful song!

Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
For our sins He suffered, and bled and died;
He, our Rock, our hope of eternal salvation,
Hail Him! hail Him! Jesus the Crucified!
Sound His praises! Jesus who bore our sorrows;
Love unbounded, wonderful, deep and strong;

Refrain:
Praise Him! praise Him! tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! praise Him! ever in joyful song!

Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Heav'nly portals loud with hosannas ring!
Jesus, Saviour, reigneth forever and ever;
Crown Him! crown Him! Prophet and Priest and King!
Christ is coming! over the world victorious,
Pow'r and glory unto the Lord belong:

Refrain:
Praise Him! praise Him! tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! praise Him! ever in joyful song!

13 REJOICE, THE LORD IS KING!

Rejoice, the Lord is King! Your Lord and King adore;
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing, And triumph evermore:
Lift up your heart, lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, Rejoice!

Jesus, the Saviour reigns, The God of truth and love;
When He had purged our stains, He took His seat above:
Lift up your heart, lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, Rejoice!

His kingdom cannot fail; He rules o'er earth and heav'n;
The keys of death and hell Are to our Jesus giv'n:
Lift up your heart, lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, Rejoice!

He all His foes shall quell, Shall all our sins destroy;
Our songs of praise shall swell With everlasting joy.
Lift up your heart, lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, Rejoice!

Rejoice in glorious hope! Our Lord the Judge shall come,
And take His servants up To their eternal home.
We soon shall hear th'archangel's voice;
The trump of God shall sound, Rejoice!

14 PRAISE HIM! PRAISE HIM!

Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Sing, O earth, His wonderful love proclaim!
Hail Him! hail Him! highest archangels in glory;
Strength and honor give to His holy name!
Like a shepherd Jesus will guard His children,
In His arms He carries them all day long:

Refrain:
Praise Him! praise Him! tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! praise Him! ever in joyful song!

Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
For our sins He suffered, and bled and died;
He, our Rock, our hope of eternal salvation,
Hail Him! hail Him! Jesus the Crucified!
Sound His praises! Jesus who bore our sorrows;
Love unbounded, wonderful, deep and strong;

Refrain:
Praise Him! praise Him! tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! praise Him! ever in joyful song!

Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Heav'nly portals loud with hosannas ring!
Jesus, Saviour, reigneth forever and ever;
Crown Him! crown Him! Prophet and Priest and King!
Christ is coming! over the world victorious,
Pow'r and glory unto the Lord belong:

Refrain:
Praise Him! praise Him! tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! praise Him! ever in joyful song!

15 WHEN MORNING GILDS THE SKIES

When morning gilds the skies, My heart awaking cries:
May Jesus Christ be praised;
Alike at work or prayer To Jesus I repair:
May Jesus Christ be praised.

Does sadness fill my mind, A solace here I find:
May Jesus Christ be praised;
Or fades my earthly bliss, My comfort still is this:
May Jesus Christ be praised.

In heav'n's eternal bliss The loveliest strain is this,
May Jesus Christ be praised;
The pow'rs of darkness fear, When this sweet chant they hear:
May Jesus Christ be praised.

Be this, while life is mine, My canticle divine,
May Jesus Christ be praised;
Be this th'eternal song, Thro' all the ages long:
May Jesus Christ be praised.

16 TO GOD BE THE GLORY

To God be the glory, great things He hath done,
So loved He the world that He gave us His Son,
Who yielded His life an atonement for sin,
And opened the lifegate that all may go in.

Refrain:
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, Let the earth hear His voice!
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, Let the people rejoice!
O come to the Father thro' Jesus the Son,
And give Him the glory, great things He hath done.

O perfect redemption, the purchase of blood,
To ev'ry believer the promise of God;
The vilest offender who truly believes,
That moment from Jesus a pardon receives.

Great things He hath taught us, great things He hath done,
And great our rejoicing thro' Jesus the Son;
But purer, and higher, and greater will be
Our wonder, our transport, when Jesus we see.

To God be the glory, the vict'ry is won;
Our praise to the Saviour has only begun;
In heav'n's radiant splendor we'll join with the throng
And praise Him forever in jubilant song.

17 PRAISE THE SAVIOUR

Praise the Saviour, ye who know Him!
Who can tell how much we owe Him?
Gladly let us render to Him
All we are and have.

Jesus is the name that charms us;
He for conflict fits and arms us;
Nothing moves and nothing harms us
While we trust in Him.

Trust in Him, ye saints, forever;
He is faithful, changing never;
Neither force nor guile can sever
Those He loves from Him.

Keep us, Lord, O keep us cleaving
To Thyself and still believing,
Till the hour of our receiving
Promised joys with Thee.

Then we shall be where we would be,
Then we shall be what we should be;
Things that are not now, nor could be,
Soon shall be our own.

18 THOU, THE GOD WHO CHANGES NEVER

Thou, the God Who changes never;
Thou, Whose glory is Thine own;
Yesterday, today, forever,
Sits in heav'n upon the throne.
Thine own presence- Eden gracing;
Walking there in cool of day.
Our first head this bliss forsaking,
Sin's cruel reign steals all away.

Christ- Eternal Son of Glory-
Christ- Incarnate Son of Man-
Angels who in heav'n adore Thee,
On earth view salvation's plan.
Thine own work of law's perfection;
This obedience counts for me,
Thine own suff'ring condemnation;
That God's wrath I ne'er would see.

Thou Who didst send out Thy Spirit;
Thou Who didst give life to me;
Grace now reigns where once sin's death did;
Righteousness has set me free.
Thou Who wilt lead into glory,
Bringing with Thee many sons;
Saved by grace I now implore Thee,
Show me more what Thou hast done.

19 I SING THE MIGHTY POWER OF GOD

I sing the mighty power of God
That made the mountains rise,
That spread the flowing seas abroad
And built the lofty skies.
I sing the wisdom that ordained
The sun to rule the day;
The moon shines full at His command,
And all the stars obey.

I sing the goodness of the Lord
That filled the earth with food;
He formed the creatures with His word
And then pronounced them good.
Lord, how Thy wonders are displayed
Wherever I turn my eye:
If I survey the ground I tread
Or gaze upon the sky!

There's not a plant or flower below
But makes Thy glories known;
And clouds arise and tempests blow
By order from Thy throne;
While all that borrows life from Thee
Is ever in Thy care,
And everywhere that man can be,
Thou, God, art present there.

20 ABBA FATHER! WE APPROACH THEE

"Abba, Father!" we approach Thee
In our Saviour's precious name:
We, Thy children, here assembling,
Now the promised blessing claim.
From our sins His blood hath washed us;
'Tis through Him our souls draw nigh;
And Thy Spirit, too, has taught us,
"Abba Father!" thus to cry.

Once as prodigals we wandered,
In our folly, far from Thee;
But Thy grace, o'er sin abounding,
Rescued us from misery.
Thou Thy prodigals hast pardoned,
Loved us with a Father's love;
Welcomed us with joy o'erflowing,
E'en to dwell with Thee above.

Clothed in garments of salvation,
At Thy table is our place;
We rejoice, and Thou rejoicest
In the riches riches of Thy grace.
"It is meet," we hear Thee saying,
"We should merry be and glad,
I have found my once lost children,
Now they live, who once were dead.

"Abba, Father!" all adore Thee,
All rejoice in heav'n above;
While in us they learn the wonders
Of Thy wisdom, wisdom, grace and love.
Soon before Thy throne assembled,
All Thy children shall proclaim,
"Glory, everlasting glory,
Be to God and to the Lamb!"

21 FAIREST LORD JESUS!

Fairest Lord Jesus! Ruler of all nature!
O Thou of God and man the Son!
Thee will I cherish, Thee will I honor,
Thou, my soul's glory, joy, and crown!

Fair are the meadows, Fairer still the woodlands,
Robed in the blooming garb of spring:
Jesus is fairer, Jesus is purer,
Who makes the woeful heart to sing.

Fair is the sunshine, Fairer still the moonlight,
And all the twinkling starry host:
Jesus shines brighter, Jesus shines purer,
Than all the angels heav'n can boast.

Beautiful Saviour! Lord of the nations!
Son of God and Son of Man!
Glory and honor, Praise, adoration,
Now and forevermore be Thine!

22 GREAT IS THY FAITHFULNESS

Great is Thy faithfulness, O God my Father,
There is no shadow of turning with Thee;
Thou changest not, Thy compassions, they fail not;
As Thou hast been Thou forever wilt be.

Refrain:
Great is Thy faithfulness!
Great is Thy faithfulness!
Morning by morning new mercies I see;
All I have needed Thy hand hath provided --
Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me!

Summer and winter, and springtime and harvest,
Sun, moon and stars in their courses above,
Join with all nature in manifold witness
To Thy great faithfulness, mercy and love.

Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth,
Thy own dear presence to cheer and to guide;
Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow,
Blessings all mine, with ten thousand beside!

23 IMMORTAL, INVISIBLE, GOD ONLY WISE

Immortal, invisible, God only wise,
In light inaccessible hid from our eyes,
Most blessed, most glorious, the Ancient of Days,
Almighty, victorious, Thy great name we praise.

Unresting, unhasting, and silent as light,
Nor wanting nor wasting, Thou rulest in might;
Thy justice like mountains high soaring above
Thy clouds which are fountains of goodness and love.

Great Father of glory, pure Father of light,
Thine angels adore Thee, all veiling their sight;
All praise we would render: O help us to see
'Tis only the splendour of light hideth Thee.

24 GOD OF EARTH, GOD OF SKY

God of earth, God of sky: Lord, on Thee all things rely.
God of time, God of space: Father Thou of Adam's race;
Torn from Thee by Adam's fall, Lord, to Thee we raise the call:
"God of time, God of space, Meet with us in this place."

Spotless Lamb come for me, Reconcile my debt to Thee.
Sinful men, help less, lost, With Thy life's blood paid the cost;
Take a way our bent to sin: Wash our hearts and cleanse with in.
Lamb of God slain for me, Lamb of Life, hear my plea.

Bread of Life, Daily Bread, By Thy grace our souls are fed.
Broken once all to feed, Give us strength for ev'ry need.
Blest communion thro' the Son, All our hearts are knit as one:
Bread of Life, Dai ly Bread, To Thy feast we are led.

King of kings, Lord of lords- Heaven's anthems shout the chords.
Holy God, Angel Bright; Conqu'ror of the Hosts of Night.
Alleluia! Praise the Lamb! God of Ages, Great "I AM!"
Master, Lord, claim Thine own: Take my heart as Thy throne.

25 COME, LET US WITH OUR LORD ARISE

Come, let us with our Lord arise,
Our Lord, who made both earth and skies;
Who died to save the world He made,
And rose triumphant triumphant from the dead;
He rose, the Prince of life and peace,
And stamped the day forever His.

This is the day the Lord hath made,
That all may see His love displayed,
May feel His resurrection's pow'r,
And rise again to to fall no more,
In perfect righteousness renewed,
And filled with all the life of God.

Honor and praise to Jesus pay
Thro'out His consecrated day;
Be all in Jesus' praise employed,
Nor leave a single single moment void;
With utmost care the time improve,
And only breathe His praise and love.

Then let us render Him His own,
With solemn prayer approach the throne,
With meekness hear the Gospel Word,
With thanks His dying dying love record;
Our joyful hearts and voices raise,
And fill His courts with songs of praise.

26 GREAT GOD OF WONDERS

Great God of wonders! all Thy ways
Are matchless, Godlike, and divine;
But the bright glories of Thy grace
Above thine other wonders shine,
Above thine other wonders shine.

Refrain:
Who is a pard'ning God like Thee?
Or who has grace so rich and free?
Or who has grace so rich and free?

Such deep transgressions to forgive!
Such guilty sinners thus to spare!
This is Thy grand prerogative,
And in this honor none shall share;
And in this honor none shall share.

In wonder lost, with trembling joy,
We take the pardon of our God:
Pardon for crimes of deepest dye,
A pardon bought with Jesus' blood,
A pardon bought with Jesus' blood.

O may this glorious, matchless love,
This God-like miracle of grace,
Teach mortal tongues, like those above,
To raise this song of lofty praise,
To raise this song of lofty praise:

27 MIGHTY GOD, WHILE ANGELS BLESS THEE

Mighty God, while angels bless Thee,
May a mortal sing Thy Name?
Lord of men as well as angels,
Thou art ev'ry creature's theme,
Lord of ev'ry land and nation,
Ancient of eternal days,
Sounded thro' the wide creation
Be Thy just and endless praise.

For the grandeur of Thy nature,
Grand beyond a seraph's thought;
For created works of power,
Works with skill and kindness wrought;
For Thy providence that governs
Thro' Thine empire's wide domain,
Wings an angel, guides a sparrow,
Blessed be Thy gentle reign.

For Thy rich, Thy free redemption,
Shall Thy praise unuttered lie?
Break, my tongue, such guilty silence,
Sing the Lord who came to die;
From the highest throne of glory,
To the cross of deepest woe,
All to ransom guilty captives-
Flow, my praise, for ever flow!

Wave the palm of conquest glorious,
Strike thy loudest, sweetest chords:
Jesus died and rose victorious,
Sing, for thou art now the Lord's.
Saviour, Lord of life and glory,
Silent I can never be;
For salvation's wondrous story,
Praise, eternal praise, to Thee.

28 HOW GREAT THOU ART

O Lord my God! When I in awesome wonder
Consider all the worlds Thy hands have made,
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder,
Thy power throughout the universe displayed,

Refrain:
Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!

When through the woods and forest glades I wander
And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees;
When I look down from lofty mountain grandeur
And hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze;

And when I think that God, His Son not sparing
Sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in;
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing,
He bled and died to take away my sin;

When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation
And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart!
Then I shall bow in humble adoration
And there proclaim, my God, how great Thou art!

29 O FATHER, THOU WHOSE LOVE PROFOUND

O Father, Thou Whose love profound
A ransom for our souls hath found,
Before Thy throne we sinners bend;
To us Thy pard'ning love extend.

Almighty Son, Incarnate Word,
Our Prophet, Priest, Redeemer, Lord,
Before Thy throne we sinners bend;
To us Thy pard'ning grace extend.

Eternal Spirit, by whose breath
The soul is raised from sin and death,
Before Thy throne we sinners bend;
To us Thy quick'ning pow'r extend.

Thrice holy; Father, Spirit, Son;
Mysterious Godhead, Three in One,
Before Thy throne we sinners bend;
Grace, pardon, life to us extend.

30 THAT MAN OF CALVARY

Fairest of all the earth beside,
Chiefest of all unto Thy bride,
Fulness divine in Thee I see,
Wonderful Man of Calvary!

Refrain:
That Man of Calvary Has won my heart from me,
And died to set me free, Blest Man of Calvary!

Granting the sinner life and peace,
Granting the captive sweet release,
Shedding His blood to make us free,
Merciful Man of Calvary!

Giving the gifts obtained for men,
Pouring out love beyond our ken,
Giving us spotless purity,
Bountiful Man of Calvary!

Comfort of all my earthly way,
Jesus, I'll meet Thee some glad day;
Center of glory, Thee I'll see,
Wonderful Man of Calvary!

31 THE NAME HIGH OVER ALL

Jesus! the name high over all, In hell, or earth, or sky:
Angels and men before it fall, And devils fear and fly.
Jesus! the name to sinners dear, The name to sinners giv'n;
It scatters all their guilty fear, It turns their hell to heav'n.

Jesus! the pris'ner's fetters breaks, And bruises Satan's head;
Power into strengthless souls it speaks, And life into the dead.
O that the world might taste and see The riches of His grace;
The arms of love that compass me Would all mankind embrace.

His only righteousness I show, His saving truth proclaim;
'Tis all my bus'ness here below To cry, "Behold the Lamb!"
Happy, if with my latest breath I may but gasp His name;
Preach Him to all, and cry in death, "Behold, behold the Lamb!"

32 THE NAME OF JESUS

The name of Jesus is so sweet,
I love its music to repeat;
It makes my joys full and complete,
The precious name of Jesus!

Refrain:
Jesus- O how sweet the name!
Jesus- ev'ry day the same;
Jesus- let all saints proclaim
Its worthy praise forever.

I love the name of Him whose heart
Knows all my griefs and bears a part;
Who bids all anxious fears depart-
I love the name of Jesus!

That name I fondly love to hear,
It never fails my heart to cheer;
Its music dries the falling tear-
Exalt the name of Jesus!

No word of man can ever tell
How sweet the name I love so well;
O let its praises ever swell,
O praise the name of Jesus!

33 THE SWEETEST NAME

The name of Jesus is so sweet,
I love its music to repeat;
It makes my joys full and complete,
The precious name of Jesus!

Refrain:
Jesus- O how sweet the name!
Jesus- ev'ry day the same;
Jesus- let all saints proclaim
Its worthy praise forever.

I love the name of Him whose heart
Knows all my griefs and bears a part;
Who bids all anxious fears depart-
I love the name of Jesus!

That name I fondly love to hear,
It never fails my heart to cheer;
Its music dries the falling tear-
Exalt the name of Jesus!

No word of man can ever tell
How sweet the name I love so well;
O let its praises ever swell,
O praise the name of Jesus!

34 O HOW I LOVE JESUS

There is a name I love to hear,
I love to sing its worth;
It sounds like music in mine ear,
The sweetest name on earth.

Refrain:
Oh, how I love Jesus, Oh, how I love Jesus,
Oh, how I love Jesus, Because He first loved me!

It tells me of a Saviour's love,
Who died to set me free;
It tells me of His precious blood,
The sinner's perfect plea.

It bids my trembling soul rejoice,
And dries each rising tear;
It tells me in a still small voice
To trust and never fear.

Jesus, the name I love so well,
The name I love to hear;
No saint on earth its worth can tell,
No heart conceive how dear.

This name shall be a comfort still
Along life's thorny road,
Shall sweetly smooth the rugged hill
That leads me up to God.

And there, with all the bloodbought throng,
From sin and sorrow free,
I'll sing the new eternal song
Of Jesus' love to me.

35 O HOW I LOVE THE SAVIOUR'S NAME

There is a name I love to hear;
I love to sing its worth;
It sounds like music in mine ear,
The sweetest name on earth.

O how I love the Saviour's name!
O how I love the Saviour's name!
O how I love the Saviour's name!
The sweetest name on earth.

36 ALL HAIL THE POWER OF JESUS' NAME

All hail the pow'r of Jesus' name!
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all;
Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all!

Crown Him, ye martyrs of your God,
Who from His altar call;
Extol the stem of Jesse's rod, And crown Him Lord of all;
Extol the stem of Jesse's rod, And crown Him Lord of all!

Ye chosen seed of Israel's race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace, And crown Him Lord of all;
Hail Him who saves you by His grace, And crown Him Lord of all!

Let ev'ry kindred, ev'ry tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe, And crown Him Lord of all;
To Him all majesty ascribe, And crown Him Lord of all!

O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall!
We'll join the everlasting song, And crown Him Lord of all;
We'll join the everlasting song, And crown Him Lord of all!

39 HOW SWEET THE NAME OF JESUS SOUNDS

How sweet the name of Jesus sounds
In a believer's ear!
It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds,
And drives away his fear.

It makes the wounded spirit whole,
And calms the troubled breast;
'Tis manna to the hungry soul,
And to the weary rest.

Dear Name! the Rock on which I build,
My Shield and Hiding place,
My neverfailing Treas'ry filled
With boundless stores of grace.

Jesus! my Shepherd, Saviour, Friend,
My Prophet, Priest, and King,
My Lord, my Life, my Way, my End,
Accept the praise I bring.

Weak is the effort of my heart,
And cold my warmest thought;
But when I see Thee as Thou art,
I'll praise Thee as I ought.

Till then I would Thy love proclaim
With ev'ry fleeting breath;
And may the music of Thy Name
Refresh my soul in death!

40 STAND UP, AND BLESS THE LORD

Stand up and bless the Lord,
Ye people of His choice:
Stand up and bless the Lord your God
With heart and soul and voice.

Tho' high above all praise,
Above all blessing high,
Who would not fear His holy Name,
And laud and magnify?

O for the living flame
From His own altar brought,
To touch our lips, our minds inspire,
And wing to heav'n our thought!

God is our strength and song,
And His salvation ours;
Then be His love in Christ proclaimed
With all our ransomed pow'rs.

Stand up and bless the Lord,
The Lord your God adore;
Stand up and bless His glorious Name
Henceforth for evermore.

41 BLESSED BE THE NAME

All praise to Him who reigns above
In majesty supreme,
Who gave His Son for man to die,
That He might man redeem!

Refrain:
Blessed be the name, blessed be the name,
Blessed be the name of the Lord;
Blessed be the name, blessed be the name,
Blessed be the name of the Lord.

His name above all names shall stand,
Exalted more and more,
At God the Father's own right hand,
Where angel hosts adore.

Redeemer, Saviour, Friend of man
To Adam's fallen race,
Thou hast devised redemption's plan
To save us by Thy grace.

His name shall be the Counsellor,
The mighty Prince of Peace,
Of all earth's kingdoms Conqueror,
Whose reign shall never cease.

42 PRAISE YE THE LORD!

Praise ye the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation!
O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation!
All ye who hear, Brothers and sisters, draw near;
Praise Him in glad adoration!

Praise ye the Lord, who o'er all things so wondrously reigneth,
Shelters thee under His wings, yea, so gently sustaineth!
Hast thou not seen How thy desires e'er have been
Granted in what He ordaineth?

Praise ye the Lord, who with marvelous wisdom hath made thee!
Decked thee with health, and with loving hand guided and stayed thee;
How oft in grief Hath not He brought thee relief,
Spreading His wings for to shade thee!

Praise ye the Lord! O let all that is in me adore Him!
All that hath life and breath, come now with praises before Him!
Let the Amen Sound from His people again:
Gladly for aye we adore Him.

43 O SAVIOUR, PRECIOUS SAVIOUR

O Saviour, precious Saviour, Whom yet unseen we love,
O Name of might and favor, All other names above!
We worship Thee, we bless Thee, To Thee, O Christ, we sing;
We praise Thee, and confess Thee, Our holy Lord and King.

O bringer of salvation, Who wondrously has wrought,
Thyself the revelation Of love beyond our thought,
We worship Thee, we bless Thee, To Thee, O Christ, we sing;
We praise Thee, and confess Thee, Our gracious Lord and King.

In Thee all fulness dwelleth, All grace and pow'r divine;
The glory that excelleth, O Son of God, is Thine;
We worship Thee, we bless Thee, To Thee, O Christ, we sing;
We praise Thee, and confess Thee, Our glorious Lord and King.

O grant the consummation Of this our song above,
In endless adoration, And everlasting love;
Then shall we praise and bless Thee, Where perfect praises ring,
And evermore confess Thee, Our Saviour and our King.

44 YE SERVANTS OF GOD, YOUR MASTER PROCLAIM

Ye servants of God, your Master proclaim,
And publish abroad His wonderful wonderful name:
The name allvictorious of Jesus extol;
His Kingdom is glorious, He rules over all.

God ruleth on high, almighty to save;
And still He is nigh- His presence we have;
The great congregation His triumph shall sing,
Ascribing salvation to Jesus our King.

"Salvation to God, who sits on the throne,"
Let all cry aloud, and honor the Son;
The praises of Jesus the angels proclaim,
Fall down on their faces, and worship the Lamb.

Then let us adore, and give Him His right,
All glory and pow'r, all wisdom and might;
All honor and blessing, with angels above,
And thanks never ceasing, and infinite love.

45 THOUGH TROUBLES ASSAIL

Though troubles assail
And dangers affright;
Though friends should all fail,
And foes all unite-
Yet one thing secures us,
Whatever betide:
The Scripture assures us
"The Lord will provide."

The birds, without barn
Or storehouse, are fed;
From them let us learn
To trust for our bread;
His saints what is fitting
Shall ne'er be denied,
So long as 'tis written
"The Lord will provide."

No strength of our own
Or goodness we claim;
Yet since we have known
The Saviour's great Name,
In this, our strong tower,
For safety we hide-
Almighty His power:
"The Lord will provide."

46 O WORSHIP THE KING

O worship the King, all glorious above,
O gratefully sing His pow'r and His love;
Our Shield and Defender, the Ancient of Days,
Pavilioned in splendor, and girded with praise.

O tell of His might, O sing of His grace,
Whose robe is the light, whose canopy canopy space.
His chariots of wrath the deep thunderclouds form,
And dark is His path on the wings of the storm.

The earth, with its store of wonders untold,
Almighty, Thy pow'r hath founded of old,
Hath stablished it fast by a changeless decree,
And round it hath cast, like a mantle, the sea.

Thy bountiful care what tongue can recite?
It breathes in the air, it shines in the light,
It streams from the hills, it descends to the plain,
And sweetly distills in the dew and the rain.

Frail children of dust, and feeble as frail,
In Thee do we trust, nor find Thee to fail;
Thy mercies how tender! how firm to the end!
Our Maker, Defender, Redeemer, and Friend.

47 REDEMPTION GROUND

Come, sing, my soul, and praise the Lord,
Who hath redeemed thee by His blood,
Delivered thee from chains that bound,
And bro't thee to redemption ground.

Refrain:
Redemption ground, the ground of peace!
Redemption ground, O wondrous grace!
Here let our praise to God abound,
Who saves us on redemption ground!

Once from my God I wandered far
And with His holy will made war;
But now my songs to God abound:
I'm standing on redemption ground.

O joyous hour when God to me
A vision gave of Calvary;
My bonds were loosed, my soul unbound,
I stand upon redemption ground.

No works of merit now I plead,
But Jesus take for all my need;
No righteousness in me is found,
Except upon redemption ground.

Come, weary soul, and here find rest;
Accept redemption, and be blest;
The Christ who died, by God is crowned
To pardon on redemption ground.

48 THE COUNTLESS MULTITUDE ON HIGH

The countless multitude on high,
That tune their songs to Jesus' name
All merit of their own deny,
And Jesus' worth alone proclaim.
Firm on the ground of sov'reign grace,
They stand before Jehovah's throne;
The only song in that blest place,
Is "Thou art worthy! Thou alone."

With spotless robes of purest white,
And branches of triumphal palm,
They shout, with transports of delight,
Heav'n's ceaseless universal psalm;
"Salvation's glory all be paid
To Him who sits upon the throne,
And to the Lamb whose blood was shed;
Thou! Thou art worthy! Thou alone."

"For Thou was slain, and in Thy blood
These robes were washed so spotless pure;
Thou mad'st us kings and priests to God
Forever let Thy praise endure."
Let us with joy adopt the strain
We soon shall sing forever there:
"Worthy's the Lamb for sinners slain,
Worthy alone the crown to wear."

49 O GOD, OUR HELP IN AGES PAST

O God, our help in ages past,
Our hope for years to come,
Our shelter from the stormy blast,
And our eternal home!

Under the shadow of Thy throne
Still may we dwell secure;
Sufficient is Thine arm alone,
And our defense is sure.

Before the hills in order stood,
Or earth received her frame,
From everlasting Thou art God,
To endless years the same.

A thousand ages in Thy sight,
Are like an evening gone;
Short as the watch that ends the night,
Before the rising sun.

Time, like an ever rolling stream,
Bears all its sons away;
They fly forgotten, as a dream
Dies at the op'ning day.

O God, our help in ages past,
Our hope for years to come,
Be Thou our guide while life shall last,
And our eternal home.

50 THE SPACIOUS FIRMAMENT ON HIGH

The spacious firmament on high,
With all the blue, ethereal sky,
And spangled heav'ns, a shining frame,
Their great Original proclaim:
Th'unwearied sun, from day to day,
Does his Creator's pow'r display;
And publishes to ev'ry land
The work of an almighty hand.

Soon as the evening shades prevail,
The moon takes up the wondrous tale;
And nightly, to the list'ning earth,
Repeats the story of her birth;
Whilst all the stars that round her burn,
And all the planets in their turn,
Comfirm the tidings as they shine,
"The hand that made us is divine."

If rock and fire, though mindless, mute,
Of soul and spirit destitute,
Can their Creator's praises sing
And tell the glories of their King,
Then I, so blest with gifts divine
Of heart and soul, of voice and mind,
Must far surpass the starry throng
In burning bright with heav'nly song!

51 JESUS SHALL REIGN

Jesus shall reign where'er the sun
Doth his successive journeys run;
His kingdom stretch from shore to shore,
Till moons shall wax and wane no more.

To Him shall endless prayer be made,
And endless praises crown His head;
His name, like sweet perfume, shall rise
With ev'ry morning sacrifice.

People and realms of ev'ry tongue
Dwell on His love with sweetest song;
And infant voic es shall pro claim
Their early blessings on His name.

Blessings abound where'er He reigns:
The pris'ner leaps to lose his chains;
The weary find eternal rest,
And all the sons of want are blest.

Where He displays His healing power,
Death and the curse are known no more;
In Him the tribes of Adam boast
More blessings than their father lost.

Let ev'ry creature rise and bring
Blessing and honor to our King;
Angels descend with songs a gain,
And earth repeat the loud Amen.

52 CROWN HIM WITH MANY CROWNS

Crown Him with many crowns, The Lamb upon His throne;
Hark! how the heav'nly anthem drowns All music but its own.
Awake, my soul, and sing Of Him who died for thee,
And hail Him as thy matchless King Thro' all eternity.

Crown Him the Son of God Before the worlds began:
And ye, who tread where He hath trod, Crown Him the Son of man;
Who ev'ry grief hath known That wrings the human breast,
And takes and bears them for His own, That all in Him may rest.

Crown Him the Lord of love! Behold His hands and side,
Rich wounds, yet visible above, In beauty glorified:
No angel in the sky Can fully bear that sight,
But downward bends his wond'ring eye At mysteries so bright.

Crown Him the Lord of life, Who triumphed o'er the grave,
And rose victorious in the strife For those He came to save;
His glories now we sing Who died, and rose on high,
Who died, eternal life to bring, And lives that death may die.

Crown Him the Lord of years, The Potentate of time,
Creator of the rolling spheres Ineffably sublime!
All hail, Redeemer, hail! For Thou hast died for me:
Thy praise shall never, never fail Thro'out eternity.

53 GIVE TO OUR GOD IMMORTAL PRAISE

Give to our God immortal praise!
Mercy and truth are all His ways;
Wonders of might to God belong-
Tell of His glory in your song:

Refrain:
For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful, ever sure!
For His mercies shall endure Ever faithful, ever sure!

He built the earth, He spread the sky;
He fixed the starry lights on high;
Wonders of pow'r to God belong-
Tell of His greatness in your song:

He sent His Son with pow'r to save
From guilt and darkness and the grave;
Wonders of love to God belong-
Tell of His mercy in your song:

Thro' this vain world He guides our feet
'Til we shall reach His heav'nly seat;
Wonders of grace to God belong-
Tell of His goodness in your song:

54 O BLESSED GOD, HOW KIND

O blessed God! how kind Are all Thy ways to me,
Whose dark benighted mind Was enmity with Thee.
Yet now, subdued by sov'reign grace,
My spirit longs for Thine embrace.

How precious are Thy thoughts That o'er my spirit roll!
They swell beyond my faults, And captivate my soul:
How great the sum, how high they rise,
Can ne'er be known beneath the skies.

Preserved by Jesus, when My feet made haste to hell!
And there should I have gone, But Thou dost all things well:
Thy love was great, Thy mercy free,
Which from the pit delivered me.

A monument of grace, A sinner saved by blood,
The streams of love I trace Up to the Fountain, God,
And in His sov'reign counsels see
Eternal tho'ts of love to me.

55 GOD MOVES IN A MYSTERIOUS WAY

God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea,
And rides upon the storm.

Deep in unfathomable mines
Of never-failing skill
He treasures up His bright designs,
And works His sov'reign will.

Ye fearful saints, fresh courage take;
The clouds ye so much dread
Are big with mercy, and shall break
In blessings on your head.

Judge not the Lord by feeble sense,
But trust Him for His grace;
Behind a frowning providence
He hides a smiling face.

His purposes will ripen fast,
Unfolding every hour;
The bud may have a bitter taste,
But sweet will be the flower.

Blind unbelief is sure to err,
And scan His work in vain;
God is His own interpreter,
And He will make it plain.

56 GOD MOVES IN A MYSTERIOUS WAY

God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea,
And rides upon the storm.

Deep in unfathomable mines
Of never-failing skill
He treasures up His bright designs,
And works His sov'reign will.

Ye fearful saints, fresh courage take;
The clouds ye so much dread
Are big with mercy, and shall break
In blessings on your head.

Judge not the Lord by feeble sense,
But trust Him for His grace;
Behind a frowning providence
He hides a smiling face.

His purposes will ripen fast,
Unfolding every hour;
The bud may have a bitter taste,
But sweet will be the flower.

Blind unbelief is sure to err,
And scan His work in vain;
God is His own interpreter,
And He will make it plain.

57 SOUND HIS PRAISES

Rejoice and be glad! the Redeemer hath come:
Go, look on His cradle, His cross and His tomb.

Refrain:
Sound His praises, tell the story of the Lamb that was slain;
Sound His praises, tell with gladness, He liveth again!

Rejoice and be glad! now the pardon is free;
The Just for the unjust hath died on the tree.

Rejoice and be glad! for the Lamb that was slain
O'er death is triumphant, and liveth again.

Rejoice and be glad! for our King is on high;
He pleadeth for us on His throne in the sky.

Rejoice and be glad! for He cometh again;
He cometh in glory, forever to reign.

58 PRAISE YE THE LORD

Hark the song the Stars of Morning
Sang when heav'n was newly made
See the Jewels' fire adorning
The foundations God has laid.
Veils of colors brightly burning
Wreathe their banners 'round the throne
While the flaming creatures turning
Weave a pattern tone on tone.

"Holy, Holy," mighty paeans,
Seraph voices raise the cry
Swelling on through endless eons
Echoed back from earth to sky.
"Holy, Holy," Never ceasing
Shall that rainbow music be;
Jubilation's tide increasing
Sweeps across eternity.

Only once the praise was muted
When upon grim Calvary
Hatred's discord undisputed
Sought to drown the melody
But at last all doubts defying,
Faith stands looking on the Blood
And in voice of wonder crying,
"Surely this was Son of God!"

Join the Alleluias, Christian,
Kindling thus your little flame
Mid the darkness of Declension;
Join to praise that worthy Name!
Lift your heart! Your Lord's returning!
Lift your voice in welcoming
Him for Whom your lamp is burning.
Praise your Everlasting King!

59 ALL CREATURES OF OUR GOD AND KING

All creatures of our God and King,
Lift up your voice and with us sing,
Alleluia, Alleluia!
Thou burning sun with golden beam,
Thou silver moon with softer gleam,
O praise Him, O praise Him,

Refrain:
Alleluia, Alleluia, Alleluia!

Thou rushing wind that art so strong,
Ye clouds that sail in heav'n along,
O praise Him, Alleluia!
Thou rising morn, in praise rejoice,
Ye lights of evening, find a voice,
O praise Him, O praise Him,

Thou flowing water, pure and clear,
Make music for thy Lord to hear,
Alleluia, Alleluia!
Thou fire so masterful and bright,
That givest man both warmth and light,
O praise Him, O praise Him,

All men who know God's saving grace,
By faith behold your Saviour's face,
O praise Him, Alleluia!
Praise Him, Who came from heav'n above
And bore your guilt of sin in love.
O praise Him, O praise Him,

Let all things their Creator bless,
And worship Him in humbleness.
O praise Him, Alleluia!
Praise, praise the Father, praise the Son,
And praise the Spirit, three in one,
O praise Him, O praise Him,

60 SING PRAISE TO GOD WHO REIGNS ABOVE

Sing praise to God who reigns above, The God of all creation,
The God of pow'r, the God of love, The God of our salvation;
With healing balm my soul He fills,
And ev'ry faithless murmur stills:
To God all praise and glory.

What God's almighty pow'r hath made, His gracious mercy keepeth;
By morning glow or evening shade His watchful eye ne'er sleepeth;
Within the kingdom of His might,
Lo! all is just and all is right:
To God all praise and glory.

The Lord is never far away, But, thro' all grief distressing,
An everpresent help and stay, Our peace, and joy, and blessing;
As with a mother's tender hand,
He leads His own, His chosen band:
To God all praise and glory.

Thus, all my toilsome way along, I sing aloud Thy praises,
That men may hear the grateful song My voice unwearied raises,
Be joyful in the Lord, my heart,
Both soul and body bear your part:
To God all praise and glory.

61 THIS IS MY FATHER'S WORLD

This is my Father's world, And to my list'ning ears,
All nature sings, and round me rings The music of the spheres.
This is my Father's world, I rest me in the thought
Of rocks and trees, of skies and seas;
His hand the wonders wrought.

This is my Father's world, The birds their carols raise;
The morning light, the lily white Declare their Maker's praise.
This is my Father's world, He shines in all that's fair;
In the rustling grass I hear Him pass,
He speaks to me ev'rywhere.

This is my Father's world, O let me ne'er forget
That though the wrong seems oft so strong, God is the Ruler yet.
This is my Father's world, The battle is not done;
Jesus who died shall be satisfied,
And earth and heav'n be one.

62 O THAT I HAD A THOUSAND VOICES

O that I had a thousand voices
To praise my God with thousand tongues!
My ransomed soul in grace rejoices,
And grateful praise shall fill my songs.
I'll sing wherever I might be
What great things God hath done for me.

All creatures that have breath and motion,
That throng the earth, the sea, the sky,
Now join my song with heart's devotion,
Help me to raise His praises high.
My utmost pow'rs can ne'er aright
Declare the wonders of His might.

O Father, hear me, I beseech Thee,
Though here I lisp my earthly lays;
A nobler strain in heav'n shall reach Thee,
When I with angels hymn Thy praise
And learn amid their choirs to sing
Loud hallelujahs to my King.

63 COME, THOU ALMIGHTY KING

Come, Thou Almighty King, Help us Thy name to sing,
Help us to praise:
Father, all-glorious, O'er all victorious,
Come, and reign over us, Ancient of Days.

Come, Thou Incarnate Word, Gird on Thy mighty sword,
Our prayer attend:
Come, and Thy people bless, And give Thy word success:
Spirit of holiness, On us descend.

Come, Holy Comforter, Thy sacred witness bear
In this glad hour:
Thou who almighty art, Now rule in ev'ry heart,
And ne'er from us depart, Spirit of pow'r.

To the great One in Three Eternal praises be
Hence, evermore!
His sov'reign majesty May we in glory see,
And to eternity Love and adore!

64 THIS DAY, AT THY CREATING WORD

This day, at Thy creating word,
First o'er the earth the light was poured;
O Lord, this day upon us shine,
And fill our souls with light divine.

This day the Lord, for sinners slain,
In might victorious rose again:
Lord Jesus, may we raised be
From death of sin to life in Thee.

This day the Holy Spirit came
With fiery tongues of cloven flame:
O Spirit, fill our hearts this day
With grace to hear and grace to pray.

O day of light, and life, and grace!
From earthly toils sweet restingplace!
Thy hallowed hours, blest gift of love,
Give we again to God above!

All praise to God the Father be,
All praise, eternal Son, to Thee,
Whom with the Spirit we adore
For ever and for evermore.

65 REJOICE, YE PURE IN HEART

Rejoice, ye pure in heart,
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing;
Your festal banner wave on high,
The cross of Christ your King.

Refrain:
Rejoice, rejoice,
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing!

With all the angel choirs,
With all the saints on earth,
Pour out the strains of joy and bliss,
True rapture, noblest mirth!

Still lift your standard high,
Still march in firm array;
As warriors through the darkness toil
Till dawns the golden day.

Yes, on through life's long path,
Still chanting as ye go;
From youth to age, by night and day,
In gladness and in woe.

Then on, ye pure in heart,
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing;
Your festal banner wave on high,
The cross of Christ your King.

66 LORD, ENTHRONED IN HEAVENLY SPLENDOR

Lord, enthroned in heav'nly splendor,
Firstbegotten, from the dead,
Thou alone, our strong Defender,
Liftest up Thy people's head.
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Jesus, true and living Bread!

Prince of Life, for us Thou livest,
By Thy body souls are healed;
Prince of Peace, Thy peace Thou givest,
By Thy blood is pardon sealed;
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Word of God in flesh revealed.

Paschal Lamb! Thine off'ring finished.
Once for all when Thou wast slain,
In its fulness undiminished
Shall for evermore remain,
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Cleansing souls from every stain.

Great High Priest of our profession,
Through the veil Thou ent'redst in;
By Thy mighty intercession
Grace and mercy Thou dost win;
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Only sacrifice for sin.

Lifeimparting heav'nly manna,
Stricken Rock, with streaming side,
Heav'n and earth with loud hosanna,
Worship Thee, the Lamb who died;
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Ris'n, ascended glorified!

67 COME CHRISTIANS, JOIN TO SING

Come, Christians, join to sing- Alleluia! Amen!
Loud praise to Christ our King- Alleluia! Amen!
Let all with heart and voice,
Before His throne rejoice;
Praise is His gracious choice: Alleluia! Amen!

Come, lift your hearts on high- Alleluia! Amen!
Let praises fill the sky- Alleluia! Amen!
He is our guide and friend,
To us He'll condescend;
His love shall never end: Alleluia! Amen!

Praise yet our Christ again- Alleluia! Amen!
Life shall not end the strain- Alleluia! Amen!
On heaven's blissful shore
His goodness we'll adore,
Singing forever more, "Alleluia! Amen!"

68 O FOR A HEART TO PRAISE MY GOD

O for a heart to praise my God,
A heart from sin set free,
A heart that always feels Thy blood
So freely shed for me!

A heart resigned, submissive, meek,
My great Redeemer's throne;
Where only Christ is heard to speak,
Where Jesus reigns alone;

A humble, lowly, contrite heart,
Believing, true, and clean,
Which neither life nor death can part
From Him that dwells within;

A heart in ev'ry thought renewed,
And full of love divine;
Perfect, and right, and pure, and good,
A copy, Lord, of Thine!

Thy nature, gracious Lord, impart;
Come quickly from above,
Write Thy new name upon my heart,
Thy new, best name of Love.

69 O FOR A THOUSAND TONGUES TO SING!

O for a thousand tongues to sing
My great Redeemer's praise,
The glories of my God and King,
The triumphs of His grace.

My gracious Master and my God,
Assist me to proclaim,
To spread thro' all the earth abroad
The honors of Thy name.

Jesus! the name that charms our fears,
That bids our sorrows cease;
'Tis music in the sinner's ears,
'Tis life, and health, and peace.

He breaks the pow'r of canceled sin,
He sets the pris'ner free.
His blood can make the foulest clean,
His blood availed for me.

70 O FOR A HEART TO PRAISE MY GOD

O for a heart to praise my God,
A heart from sin set free,
A heart that always feels Thy blood
So freely shed for me!

A heart resigned, submissive, meek,
My great Redeemer's throne;
Where only Christ is heard to speak,
Where Jesus reigns alone;

A humble, lowly, contrite heart,
Believing, true, and clean,
Which neither life nor death can part
From Him that dwells within;

A heart in ev'ry thought renewed,
And full of love divine;
Perfect, and right, and pure, and good,
A copy, Lord, of Thine!

Thy nature, gracious Lord, impart;
Come quickly from above,
Write Thy new name upon my heart,
Thy new, best name of Love.

71 MY REDEEMER

My Redeemer, oh, what beauties
In that lovely name appear;
None but Jesus in His glories
Shall the honored title wear.
My Redeemer, my Redeemer,
Thou hast my salvation wrought.

Sunk in ruin, sin, and mis'ry,
Bound by Satan's captive chain,
Guided by his artful treach'ry,
Hurrying on to endless pain,
My Redeemer, my Redeemer,
Plucked me as a brand from hell.

Mine by cov'nant, mine forever,
Mine by oath, and mine by blood;
Mine- nor time the bond shall sever,
Mine as an unchanging God.
My Redeemer, my Redeemer,
Oh, how sweet to call Thee mine!

When in heav'n I see Thy glory,
When before Thy throne I bow,
Perfected I shall be like Thee,
Fully Thy redemption know.
My Redeemer, my Redeemer,
Then shall hear me shout His praise.

72 GLORY BE TO GOD THE FATHER

Glory be to God the Father,
Glory be to God the Son,
Glory be to God the Spirit-
Great Jehovah, Three  in One!
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
While eternal ages run!

Glory be to Him who loved us,
Washed us from each spot and stain!
Glory be to Him who bought us,
Made us kings with Him to reign!
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
To the Lamb that once was slain!

Glory to the King of angels,
Glory to the Church's King,
Glory to the King of nations!
Heaven and earth, your praises bring;
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
To the King of Glory bring!

"Glory, blessing, praise eternal!"
Thus the choir of angels sings;
"Honor, riches, power, dominion!"
Thus its praise creation brings.
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Glory to the King of kings.

73 HOLY SAVIOUR, WE ADORE THEE

Holy Saviour, we adore Thee,
Seated on the throne of God;
Soon in glory, all before Thee
Shall proclaim Thy praise abroad.
"Thou art worthy, Thou art worthy,"
We were ransomed by Thy blood.

Saviour, tho' the world despised Thee,
Tho' Thou here were crucified,
Yet the Father's glory raised Thee,
Lord of all creation wide.
"Thou art worthy, Thou art worthy,"
We shall live, for Thou hast died.

And tho' here on earth rejected,
'Tis but fellowship with Thee;
Should we not with joy expect it
Here like Thee our Lord to be?
"Thou art worthy, Thou art worthy,"
Thou from earth hast set us free.

Haste the day of Thine appearing,
With Thy ransomed saints to reign,
Then shall end all days of mourning,
We shall sing with triumph then.
"Thou art worthy, Thou art worthy,"
Come. Lord Jesus, quickly come.

74 OH, THE PEACE FOREVER FLOWING

Oh, the peace forever flowing
From God's tho'ts of His own Son!
Oh, the peace of simply knowing
On the cross that all was done!

Peace with God! the blood in heaven
Speaks of pardon now to me:
Peace with God! the Lord is risen!
Righteousness now counts me free.

Peace with God is Christ in glory;
God is just and God is love;
Jesus died to tell the story,
Foes to bring to God above.

Now, free access to the Father,
Thro' the Christ of God, we have;
By the Spirit here abiding,
Promise of the Father's love.

Jesus, Saviour, we adore Thee!
Christ of God, Anointed Son!
We confess Thee, Lord of glory,
Fruits of vict'ry Thou hast won!

75 THE LOVE OF GOD

The love of God is greater far
Than tongue or pen can ever tell;
It goes beyond the highest star,
And reaches deep where sinners dwell.
The guilty pair, bowed down with care,
God gave His Son to win;
His erring child He reconciled,
And pardoned from his sin.

Refrain:
Oh, love of God, how rich and pure!
How measureless and strong!
It shall forevermore endure-
The saints' and angels' song.

When hoary time shall pass away,
And earthly thrones and kingdoms fall;
When men who hear refuse to pray,
On rocks and hills and mountains call;
God's love, so pure, shall still endure,
All measureless and strong;
Redeeming grace to Adam's race-
The saints' and angels' song.

Could we with ink the ocean fill,
And were the skies of parchment made;
Were ev'ry stalk on earth a quill,
And ev'ry man a scribe by trade;
To write the love of God, above
Would drain the ocean dry;
Nor could the scroll contain the whole,
Tho' stretched from sky to sky.

76 WHEN ALL THY MERCIES, O MY GOD

When all Thy mercies, O my God,
My rising soul surveys,
Transported with the view,
I'm lost In wonder, love and praise.

Unnumbered comforts to my soul
Thy tender care bestowed,
Before my heart was e'er aware
From whence these comforts flowed.

When worn with sickness, oft hast Thou
With health renewed my face;
And when in sin and sorrows sunk
Revived my soul with grace.

Ten thousand thousand precious gifts
My daily thanks employ;
Nor is the least a cheerful heart
That tastes those gifts with joy.

Through ev'ry period of my life
Thy goodness I'll pursue,
And after death, in distant worlds,
The glorious theme renew.

Through all eternity to Thee
A joyful song I'll raise;
But O! eternity's too short
To utter all Thy praise!

77 INSIDE THE VEIL

Through Thy precious body broken Inside the veil;
O what words to sinners spoken Inside the veil!
Precious as the blood that bought us,
Perfect as the love that sought us,
Holy as the Lamb that brought us Inside the veil!

When we see Thy love unshaken Outside the camp;
Scorned by man, by God forsaken, Outside the camp;
Thy loved cross alone can charm us,
Shame need now no more alarm us,
Glad we follow, nought can harm us Outside the camp.

Lamb of God, through Thee we enter Inside the veil;
Cleansed by Thee, we boldly venture Inside the veil:
Not a stain; a new creation;
Ours is such a full salvation;
Low we bow in adoration Inside the veil.

Unto Thee, the homeless Stranger, Outside the camp,
Forth we hasten, fear no danger Outside the camp.
Thy reproach, far richer treasure
Than all Egypt's boasted pleasure;
Drawn by love that knows no measure, Outside the camp.

Soon Thy saints shall all be gathered Inside the veil:
All at home, no more be scattered, Inside the veil.
Nought from Thee our hearts shall sever;
We shall see Thee, grieve Thee never;
"Praise the Lamb!" shall sound forever Inside the veil!

78 NO BLOOD, NO ALTAR NOW

No blood, no altar now, The sacrifice is o'er!
No flame, no smoke ascends on high,
The lamb is slain no more,
But richer blood has flowed from nobler veins,
To purge the soul from guilt, and cleanse the reddest stains.

We thank Thee for the blood, The blood of Christ, Thy Son:
The blood by which our peace is made,
Our victory is won:
Great victory o'er hell, and sin, and woe,
That needs no second fight, and leaves no second foe.

We thank Thee for the grace, Descending from above,
That overflows our widest guilt,
The'eternal Father's love.
Love of the Father's everlasting Son,
Love of the Holy Ghost, Jehovah, Three in One.

We thank Thee for the hope, So glad, and sure, and clear;
It holds the drooping spirit up
Till the long dawn appear;
Fair hope! with what a sunshine does it cheer
Our roughest path on earth, our dreariest desert here.

We thank Thee for the crown Of glory and of life;
'Tis no poor with'ring wreath of earth,
Man's prize in mortal strife;
'Tis incorruptible as is the throne,
The kingdom of our God and His incarnate Son.

79 HALLELUJAH FOR THE CROSS

The cross it standeth fast, Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Defying ev'ry blast, Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
The winds of hell have blown,
The world its hate hath shown,
Yet it is not overthrown, Hallelujah for the cross!

Refrain:
Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah for the cross;
Hallelujah, hallelujah, it shall never suffer loss!

It is the old cross still, Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Its triumph let us tell, Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
The grace of God here shown
Through Christ the blessed Son,
Who did for sin atone, Hallelujah for the cross!

'Twas here the debt was paid, Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Our sins on Jesus laid, Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
So 'round the cross we sing
Of Christ, our offering,
Of Christ our living King, Hallelujah for the cross!

80 RISE, MY SOUL! BEHOLD 'TIS JESUS

Rise, my soul! behold 'tis Jesus,
Jesus fills Thy wond'ring eyes;
See Him now in glory seated,
Where thy sins no more can rise.

There, in righteousness transcendent,
Lo! He doth in heav'n appear,
Shows the blood of His atonement
As thy title to be there.

All thy sins were laid upon Him,
Jesus bore them on the tree;
God, who knew them, laid them on Him,
And, believing, thou art free.

God now brings thee to His dwelling,
Spreads for thee His feast divine,
Bids thee welcome, ever telling
What a portion there is thine.

In that circle of God's favor,
Circle of the Father's love,
All is rest, and rest forever,
All is perfectness above.

Blessed, glorious word "forever!"
Yea, "forever!" is the word;
Nothing can the ransomed sever,
Naught divide them from the Lord.

81 HAIL, THOU ONCE DESPISED JESUS!

Hail, Thou once despised Jesus!
Hail, Thou Galilean King!
Thou didst suffer to release us;
Thou didst free salvation bring.
Hail, Thou agonizing Saviour,
Bearer of our sin and shame!
By Thy merits we find favor;
Life is given through Thy name.

Paschal Lamb, by God appointed,
All our sins on Thee were laid;
By almighty love anointed,
Thou hast full atonement made:
All Thy people are forgiven
Through the virtue of Thy blood;
Opened is the gate of heaven,
Peace is made 'twixt man and God.

Jesus, hail! enthroned in glory,
There forever to abide;
All the heav'nly hosts adore Thee,
Seated at Thy Father's side.
There for sinners Thou art pleading,
There Thou dost our place prepare,
Ever for us interceding,
Till in glory we appear.

Worship, hon or, pow'r and blessing
Thou art worthy to receive;
Loudest praises, without ceasing,
Meet it is for us to give.
Help, ye bright angelic spirits,
Bring your sweetest, noblest lays;
Help to sing our Saviour's merits,
Help to chant Immanuel's praise!

82 JOIN ALL THE GLORIOUS NAMES

Join all the glorious names
Of wisdom, love, and pow'r,
That mortals ever knew, That angels ever bore;
All are too mean to speak His worth,
Too mean to set my Saviour forth.

Great Prophet of my God!
My tongue would bless Thy name:
By Thee the joyful news Of free salvation came-
The joyful news of sins forgiv'n
Of hell subdued and peace with heav'n.

Jesus, my great High Priest,
Offered His blood and died;
My guilty conscience seeks No sacrifice beside;
His mighty blood did once atone
And now it pleads before the throne.

My dear Almighty Lord,
My Conqueror and King,
Thy sceptre and Thy sword, Thy reigning grace I sing:
Thine is the pow'r; behold I sit,
In willing bonds, beneath Thy feet.

Should all the hosts of death,
And pow'rs of hell unknown,
Put all their dreadful forms Of rage and mischief on,
I shall be safe; for Christ displays
Superior power, and guardian grace.

Now let my soul arise,
And tread the tempter down;
My Captain leads me forth To conquest and a crown:
A feeble saint shall win the day,
Though death and hell obstruct the way.

83 O COULD I SPEAK THE MATCHLESS WORTH

O could I speak the matchless worth,
O could I sound the glories forth
Which in my Saviour shine,
I'd soar and touch the heav'nly strings,
And vie with Gabriel while he sings
In notes almost divine,
In notes almost divine.

I'd sing the precious blood He spilt,
My ransom from the dreadful guilt
Of sin and wrath divine!
I'd sing His glorious righteousness,
In which all-perfect heav'nly dress
My soul shall ever shine,
My soul shall ever shine.

I'd sing the characters He bears,
And all the forms of love He wears,
Exalted on His throne:
In loftiest songs of sweetest praise,
I would to everlasting days
Make all His glories known,
Make all His glories known.

Soon the delightful day will come
When my dear Lord will bring me home,
And I shall see His face;
Then with my Saviour, Brother, Friend,
A blest eternity I'll spend,
Triumphant in His grace,
Triumphant in His grace.

84 JESUS, THE VERY THOUGHT OF THEE

Jesus, the very thought of Thee
With sweetness fills my breast;
But sweeter far Thy face to see,
And in Thy presence rest.

Nor voice can sing, nor heart can frame,
Nor can the mem'ry find
A sweeter sound than Thy blest name,
O Saviour of mankind!

O Hope of ev'ry contrite heart,
O Joy of all the meek,
To those who fall, how kind Thou art!
How good to those who seek!

But what to those who find? Ah! this
Nor tongue nor pen can show,
The love of Jesus, what it is,
None but His loved ones know.

Jesus, our only joy be Thou,
As Thou our prize wilt be;
Be Thou our only glory now,
And thro' eternity.

85 GRATEFUL PRAISE

Now in a song of grateful praise To Thee,
O Lord, my voice I'll raise;
With all Thy saints I'll join to tell:
My Jesus hath done all things well.

Refrain:
And above the rest this note shall swell:
My Jesus hath done all things well.

How sov'reign, wonderful and free
Hath been Thy wond'rous love to me!
Thou sav'dst me from the jaws of hell:
My Jesus hath done all things well.

Since e'er my soul has known Thy love,
What mercies Thou hast made me prove:
Thy mercies do all praise excel;
My Jesus hath done all things well.

And when to that bright world I rise,
And join the anthems of the skies,
Above the rest this note shall swell:
My Jesus hath done all things well.

86 MY SONG

Thou, Whom seraphs joy in praising,
Thou, Whom angel hosts adore.
Can my stamm'ring tongue be silent
When I owe Thee so much more.

Refrain:
So my song must swell the chorus
While the angels' praises ring.
I, a sinner saved and pardoned,
Have more cause than they to sing.

All undone by sin and evil,
Child of condemnation I,
Yet Thou laid aside Thy glory
And for me came down to die.

Heir of heaven Thou hast made me,
Bought me with Thy precious blood,
Took the form of man upon Thee
That I might be child of God.

87 O COME, O COME EMMANUEL

O come, O come, Emmanuel,
And ransom captive Israel,
That mourns in lonely exile here
Until the Son of God appear.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

O come, Thou Rod of Jesse, free
Thine own from Satan's tyranny;
From depths of hell Thy people save
And give them vict'ry o'er the grave.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

O come, Thou Dayspring, come and cheer
Our spirits by Thine advent here;
And drive away the shades of night,
And pierce the clouds and bring us light!
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

O come, Thou Key of David, come,
And open wide our heav'nly home;
Make safe the way that leads on high,
And close the path to misery.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

88 O COME, ALL YE FAITHFUL

O come, all ye faithful, Joyful and triumphant,
O come ye, O come ye to Bethlehem!
Come and behold Him, Born the King of angels;

Refrain:
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him, Christ the Lord.

Sing, choirs of angels, Sing in exultation!
O sing, all ye citizens of heav'n above;
Glory to God, all glory in the highest;

True God of true God, Light of light eternal,
Lo, He abhors not the Virgin's womb,
Son of the Father, Begotten, not created;

Yea, Lord, we greet Thee, Born this happy morning,
Jesus, to Thee be all glory giv'n;
Word of the Father, Now in flesh appearing;

89 ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH

Angels we have heard on high,
Sweetly singing o'er the plains,
And the mountains in reply
Echo back their joyous strains.

Refrain:
Gloria in excelsis Deo,
Gloria in excelsis Deo.

Shepherds, why this jubilee?
Why your joyous strains prolong?
Say what may the tidings be,
Which inspire your heav'nly song?

Come to Bethlehem, and see
Him whose birth the angels sing;
Come, adore on bended knee
Christ the Lord, the new-born King.

See within a manger laid,
Jesus, Lord of heav'n and earth!
Mary, Joseph, lend your aid,
With us sing our Saviour's birth.

90 HARK, THE HERALD ANGELS SING

Hark! the herald angels sing, "Glory to the newborn King:
Peace on earth, and mercy mild, God and sinners reconciled!"
Joyful, all ye nations, rise, Join the triumph of the skies;
With th'angelic host proclaim, "Christ is born in Bethlehem!"

Refrain:
Hark! the herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King.

Christ, by highest heav'n adored; Christ, the Everlasting Lord!
Late in time behold Him come, Offspring of the Virgin's womb:
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see; Hail th'Incarnate Deity,
Pleased as man with men to dwell, Jesus, our Emmanuel.

Hail, the heav'nborn Prince of Peace! Hail, the Sun of Righteousness!
Light and life to all He brings, Ris'n with healing in His wings.
Mild he lays His glory by, Born that man no more may die,
Born to raise the sons of earth, Born to give them second birth.

Come, Desire of nations, come, Fix in us Thy humble home;
Rise, the woman's conqu'ring Seed, Bruise in us the serpent's head.
Adam's likeness now efface, Stamp Thine image in its place:
Second Adam from above, Reinstate us in Thy love.

91 ONCE IN ROYAL DAVID'S CITY

Once in royal David's city Stood a lowly cattle shed,
Where a mother laid her Baby In a manger for His bed.
Mary was that mother mild, Jesus Christ her little Child.

He came down to earth from heaven Who is God and Lord of all,
And His shelter was a stable, And His cradle was a stall.
With the poor, and mean, and lowly, Lived on earth our Saviour holy.

And our eyes at last shall see Him, Through His own redeeming love;
For that Child so dear and gentle Is our Lord in heav'n above;
And He leads His children on To the place where He is gone.

Not within a stable lowly, With the oxen standing by,
But in heaven we shall see Him, Set at God's right hand on high;
With His children gathered 'round, His great praise shall e'er resound.

92 JOY TO THE WORLD!

Joy to the world! the Lord is come;
Let earth receive her King;
Let ev'ry heart prepare Him room,
And heav'n and nature sing,
And heav'n and nature sing,
And heav'n, and heav'n and nature sing.

Joy to the earth! the Saviour reigns;
Let men their songs employ;
While fields and floods, rocks, hills, and plains,
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat, repeat the sounding joy.

No more let sins and sorrows grow,
Nor thorns infest the ground;
He comes to make His blessings flow
Far as the curse is found,
Far as the curse is found,
Far as, far as the curse is found.

He rules the world with truth and grace,
And makes the nations prove
The glories of His righteousness,
And wonders of His love,
And wonders of His love,
And wonders, wonders of His love.

93 THOU DIDST LEAVE THY THRONE

Thou didst leave Thy throne And Thy kingly crown
When Thou camest to earth for me;
But in Bethlehem's home Was there found no room
For Thy holy nativity:
O come to my heart, Lord Jesus!
There is room in my heart for Thee.

Heaven's arches rang When the angels sang,
Proclaiming Thy royal degree;
But of lowly birth Didst Thou come to earth,
And in great humility:
O come to my heart, Lord Jesus!
There is room in my heart for Thee.

Thou camest, O Lord, With the living word
That should set Thy people free;
But with mocking scorn, And with crown of thorn,
They bore Thee to Calvary:
O come to my heart, Lord Jesus!
Thy cross is my only plea.

When heav'n's arches ring, And her choirs shall sing,
At Thy coming to victory,
Let Thy voice call me home, Saying, "Yet there is room,
There is room at My side for thee!"
My heart shall rejoice, Lord Jesus,
When Thou comest and callest for me.

94 O LITTLE TOWN OF BETHLEHEM

O little town of Bethlehem, How still we see thee lie!
Above thy deep and dreamless sleep The silent stars go by.
Yet in thy dark streets shineth The everlasting Light;
The hopes and fears of all the years Are met in thee tonight.

For Christ is born of Mary, And gathered all above,
While mortals sleep, the angels keep Their watch of wond'ring love.
O morning stars, together Proclaim the holy birth!
And praises sing to God the King, And peace to men on earth.

How silently, how silently, The wondrous gift is giv'n!
So God imparts to human hearts The blessings of His heav'n.
No ear may hear His coming, But in this world of sin,
Where meek souls will receive Him still, The dear Christ enters in.

O holy Child of Bethlehem! Descend to us, we pray;
Cast out our sin, and enter in; Be born in us today.
We hear the Christmas angels The great glad tidings tell;
O come to us, abide with us, Our Lord Emmanuel.

96 CHRISTIANS, AWAKE!

Christians, awake! Salute the happy morn
Whereon the Saviour of the world was born;
Rise to adore the mystery of love,
Which hosts of angels chanted from above;
With them the joyful tidings first begun
Of God incarnate and the virgin's Son.

Then to the watchful shepherds it was told,
Who heard th'angelic herald's voice, "Behold,
I bring good tidings of a Saviour's birth
To you and all the nations on the earth;
This day hath God fulfilled His promised word;
This day is born a Saviour, Christ the Lord.

He spake, and straightway the celestial choir
In hymns of joy, unknown before, conspire;
The praises of redeeming love they sang,
And heav'n's whole orb with alleluias rang;
God's highest glory was their anthem still,
Peace on the earth, and unto men good will.

Then may we hope, th'angelic hosts among,
To sing, redeemed, a glad triumphal song;
He that was born upon this joyful day
Around us all His glory shall display;
Saved by His love, forever we shall sing
Eternal praise to heav'n's almighty King.

97 AS WITH GLADNESS MEN OF OLD

As with gladness men of old
Did the guiding star behold;
As with joy they hailed its light,
Leading onward, beaming bright,
So, most gracious Lord, may we
Evermore be led to Thee.

As with joyful steps they sped
To that lowly manger-bed,
There to bend the knee before
Him Whom heav'n and earth adore,
So may we with willing feet
Ever seek the mercyseat.

As they offered gifts most rare
At the manger rude and bare,
So may we with holy joy,
Pure and free from sin's alloy,
All our costliest treasures bring,
Christ, to Thee our heav'nly King.

Blessed Jesus, ev'ry day
Keep us in the narrow way;
And, when earthly things are past,
Bring our ransomed souls at last
Where they need no star to guide,
Where no clouds Thy glory hide.

In the heav'nly country bright
Need they no created light;
Thou its light, its joy, its crown,
Thou its sun which goes not down;
There forever may we sing
Hallelujahs to our King.

98 THE FIRST NOEL

The first Noel, the angel did say,
Was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay;
In fields where they lay keeping their sheep,
On a cold winter's night that was so deep.

Refrain:
Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel,
Born is the King of Israel.

They looked up and saw a star
Shining in the east, beyond them far,
And to the earth it gave great light,
And so it continued both day and night.

And by the light of that same star,
Three wise men came from country far;
To seek for a king was their intent,
And to follow the star wherever it went.

This star drew nigh to the northwest,
O'er Bethlehem it took its rest,
And there it did both stop and stay,
Right over the place where Jesus lay.

Then entered in those wise men three,
Full rev'rently upon the knee,
And offered there, in His presence,
Their gold, and myrrh, and frankincense.

Then let us all with one accord
Sing praises to our heav'nly Lord,
That hath made heav'n and earth of naught,
And with His blood mankind hath bought.

99 IMMANUEL IS COME

All glory be to God on high;
Let peace on earth descend:
The Son of God comes from the sky
To show Himself our Friend.

Refrain:
Rejoice! Rejoice! Immanuel is come.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Immanuel is come!

Men stand amazed! It seems unjust!
The Lord of earth and skies
Is humbled now with bonds of dust,
And in a manger lies.

In heaven angels once adored
Their Maker and their King;
Now tidings of their humbled Lord
To mortals they must sing.

The God invisible appears,
But with His glories shorn,
To travel thro' this vale of tears
And die, our Lord is born.

The great eternal Son of God
Becomes the Son of Man;
As God dwells in an earthly clod
Redemption is His plan.

100 O HOLY NIGHT!

O holy night! The stars are brightly shining,
It is the night of the dear Saviour's birth;
Long lay the world in sin and error pining,
Till He appeared and the soul felt its worth.
A thrill of hope the weary world rejoices,
For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn;
Fall on your knees, O hear the angel voices!
O night divine, O night when Christ was born!
O night, O holy night, O night divine!

Led by the light of faith serenely beaming,
With glowing hearts by His cradle we stand;
So led by light of a star so sweetly gleaming,
Here came the wise men from Orient land.
The King of kings thus lay in lowly manger,
In all our trials born to be our Friend;
He knows our need, To'our weakness is no stranger.
Behold your King, before Him lowly bend!
Behold your King, before Him Him lowly bend!

Truly He taught us to love one another;
His law is love and His gospel is peace;
Chains shall He break, for the slave is our brother,
And in His name all oppression shall cease.
Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus raise we,
Let all within us praise His holy name;
Christ is the Lord, O praise His name forever!
His pow'r and glory evermore proclaim!
His pow'r and glory evermore proclaim!

101 GOD'S SON GIVEN

To us a child of royal birth,
The Heir of promise, now is giv'n:
Th'Invisible appears on earth-
The Son of Man, the God of Heav'n.

A Saviour born in love supreme,
He comes our fallen souls to raise;
He comes His people to redeem
In matchless love and boundless boundless grace.

The Christ, by raptured seers foretold,
Filled with th'eternal Spirit's pow'r,
Great Prophet, Priest and King behold,
And Lord of all the worlds adore.

The Lord of Hosts- the God most high
Shuns not His glorious throne to leave-
With joy we welcome from the sky,
With faith into our hearts receive.

102 SEE IN YONDER MANGER LOW

See! in yonder manger low,
Born for us on earth below,
See! the Lamb of God appears,
Promised from eternal years.

Refrain:
Hail, thou everblessed morn!
Hail, redemption's happy dawn!
Sing through all Jerusalem,
Christ is born in Bethlehem!

Lo! within a manger lies
He who built the starry skies,
He who, throned in height sublime,
Sits amid the cherubim.

Say, ye holy shepherds, say
What your joyful news today;
Wherefore have ye left your sheep
On the lonely mountain steep?

"As we we watched at dead of night,
Lo! we saw a wondrous wondrous light:
Angels, singing peace on earth,
Told us of the Saviour's birth."

Sacred Infant, all divine,
What a tender love was Thine,
Thus to come from highest bliss
Down to such a world as this!

Teach, O teach us, holy Child,
By Thy face so meek and mild,
Teach us to resemble Thee
In Thy sweet humility.

103 WHAT CHILD IS THIS?

What Child is this, who, laid to rest,
On Mary's lap is sleeping?
Whom angels greet with anthems sweet,
While shepherds watch are keeping?

Refrain:
This, this is Christ the King,
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing:
Haste, haste to bring Him laud-
The Babe, the Son of Mary.

Why lies He in such mean estate
Where ox and ass are feeding?
Good Christian, fear: for sinners here
The silent Word is pleading.

So bring Him incense, gold and myrrh,
Come peasant, king to own Him;
The King of kings salvation brings,
Let loving hearts enthrone Him.

104 THE BIRTHDAY OF A KING

In the little village of Bethlehem, there lay a Child one day,
And the sky was bright with a holy light o'er the place where Jesus lay.

Refrain:
Alleluia! O how the angels sang.
Alleluia! How it rang!
And the sky was bright with a holy light,
'Twas the birthday of a King.

'Twas a humble birth-place, but O how much God gave to us that day,
From the manger bed what a path has led, what a perfect holy way.

105 IT CAME UPON THE MIDNIGHT CLEAR

It came upon the midnight clear,
That glorious song of old,
From angels bending near the earth
To touch their harps of gold:
"Peace on the earth, goodwill to men,
From heav'n's allgracious King":
The world in solemn stillness lay
To hear the angels sing.

Still thro' the cloven skies they come,
With peaceful wings unfurled,
And still their heav'nly music floats
O'er all the weary world:
Above its sad and lowly plains
They bend on hov'ring wing:
And ever o'er its Babel sounds
The blessed angels sing.

And ye, beneath life's crushing load,
Whose forms are bending low,
Who toil along the climbing way
With painful steps and slow,
Look now! for glad and golden hours
Come swiftly on the wing;
O rest beside the weary road,
And hear the angels sing.

For lo, the days are hast'ning on,
By prophet bards foretold,
When, with the evercircling years,
Comes round the age of gold:
When peace shall over all the earth
Its ancient splendors fling,
And the whole world give back the song
Which now the angels sing.

106 WHILE SHEPHERDS WATCHED

While shepherds watched their flocks by night,
All seated on the ground,
The angel of the Lord came down,
And glory shone around.

"Fear not!" said he, for mighty dread
Had seized their troubled mind,
"Glad tidings of great joy I bring
To you and all mankind."

"To you, in David's town, this day
Is born, of David's line,
A Saviour, who is Christ the Lord;
And this shall be the sign:

"The heav'nly Babe you there shall find
To human view displayed,
All meanly wrapped in swaddling bands,
And in a manger laid."

Thus spake the seraph, and forthwith
Appeared a shining throng
Of angels praising God, and thus
Addressed their joyful song:

"All glory be to God on high,
And to the earth be peace:
Goodwill henceforth from heav'n to men
Begin and never cease."

108 WE THREE KINGS

We three kings of Orient are:
Bearing gifts we traverse afar-
Field and fountain, moor and mountain-
Following yonder star.

Refrain:
O star of wonder, star of night,
Star with royal beauty bright,
Westward leading, still proceeding,
Guide us to thy perfect light.

Born a King on Bethlehem's plain:
Gold I bring to crown Him again,
King forever, ceasing never,
Over us all to reign.

Frankincense to offer have I,
Incense owns a Deity nigh;
Prayer and praising, all men raising,
Worship Him, God on high.

Myrrh is mine, its bitter perfume
Breathes a life of gathering gloom-
Sorr'wing, sighing, bleeding, dying,
Sealed in a stonecold tomb.

Glorious now behold Him arise:
King and God and Sacrifice;
Alleluia, Alleluia!
Earth to heav'n replies.

109 SILENT NIGHT! HOLY NIGHT!

Silent night! holy night!
All is calm, all is bright
'Round yon virgin mother and Child,
Holy Infant so tender and mild,
Sleep in heavenly peace,
Sleep in heavenly peace.

Silent night! holy night!
Shepherds quake at the sight,
Glories stream from heaven afar,
Heav'nly hosts sing Alleluia;
Christ the Saviour is born,
Christ the Saviour is born.

Silent night! holy night!
Son of God, Love's pure light,
Radiant beams from Thy holy face,
With the dawn of redeeming grace,
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth,
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth.

Silent night! holy night!
Guiding star, wondrous sight!
Light the path where wisemen bring
Gifts and homage to our King,
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth.
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth.

110 I HEARD THE BELLS ON CHRISTMAS DAY

I heard the bells on Christmas day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet the words repeat
Of peace on earth, goodwill to men.

I thought how, as the day had come,
The belfries of all Christendom
Had rolled along th'unbroken song
Of peace on earth, goodwill to men.

And in despair I bowed my head:
"There is no peace on earth," I said,
"For hate is strong and mocks the song
Of peace on earth, goodwill to men."

Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:
"God is not dead: nor doth He sleep;
The wrong shall fail, the right prevail,
With peace on earth, goodwill to men."

Till, ringing, singing, on its way,
The world revolved from night to day,
A voice, a chime, a chant sublime,
Of peace on earth goodwill to men!

111 ANGELS FROM THE REALMS OF GLORY

Angels, from the realms of glory,
Wing your flight o'er all the earth;
Ye who sang creation's story,
Now proclaim Messiah's birth:

Refrain:
Come and worship, come and worship,
Worship Christ, the newborn King.

Shepherds, in the fields abiding,
Watching o'er your flocks by night,
God with man is now residing,
Yonder shines the infant Light:

Sages, leave your contemplations,
Brighter visions beam afar;
Seek the great Desire of nations,
Ye have seen His natal star:

Sinners wrung with true repentance,
Doomed for guilt to endless pains,
Justice now revokes the sentence,
Mercy calls you, break your chains:

Saints before the altar bending,
Watching long in hope and fear,
Suddenly the Lord, descending,
In His temple shall appear:

112 AWAY IN A MANGER

Away in a manger, no crib for a bed,
The little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head;
The stars in the bright sky looked down where He lay,
The little Lord Jesus, asleep on the hay.

The cattle are lowing, the Baby awakes,
But little Lord Jesus, no crying He makes;
I love Thee, Lord Jesus! look down from the sky,
And stay by my cradle, till morning is nigh.

Be near me, Lord Jesus, I ask Thee to stay
Close by me forever, and love me, I pray;
Bless all the dear children in Thy tender care,
And fit us for heaven, to live with Thee there.

114 TO US A CHILD OF HOPE IS BORN

To us a Child of hope is born;
To us a Son is giv'n;
Him shall the tribes of earth obey,
Him all the hosts of heav'n.

His name shall be the Prince of Peace,
For evermore adored,
The Wonderful, the Counsellor,
The great and mighty Lord.

His pow'r increasing still shall spread,
His reign no end shall know;
Justice shall guard his throne above,
And peace abound below.

115 LO, HOW A ROSE E'ER BLOOMING

Lo, how a rose e'er blooming
From tender stem has sprung,
Of Jesse's lineage coming
As men of old have sung.
It came a flow'ret bright,
Amid the cold of winter,
When half spent was the night.

Isaiah 'twas foretold it,
The rose I had in mind;
With Mary we behold it,
The Virgin mother kind.
To show God's love aright
She bore to men a Saviour,
When half spent was the night.

116 JESUS, THOU ART HEAVEN'S DAYSPRING

Lo, how a rose e'er blooming
From tender stem has sprung,
Of Jesse's lineage coming
As men of old have sung.
It came a flow'ret bright,
Amid the cold of winter,
When half spent was the night.

Isaiah 'twas foretold it,
The rose I had in mind;
With Mary we behold it,
The Virgin mother kind.
To show God's love aright
She bore to men a Saviour,
When half spent was the night.

117 SEEKING FOR ME

Jesus, my Saviour, to Bethlehem came,
Born in a manger to sorrow and shame;
O it was wonderful- blest be His Name!
Seeking for me, for me!
Seeking for me, for me! Seeking for me, for me!
O it was wonderful- blest be His Name!
Seeking for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, on Calvary's tree,
Paid the great debt, and my soul He set free;
O it was wonderful- how could it be?
Dying for me, for me!
Dying for me, for me! Dying for me, for me!
O it was wonderful- how could it be?
Dying for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, the same as of old,
When I was wand'ring afar from the fold,
Gently and long did He plead with my soul,
Calling for me, for me!
Calling for me, for me! Calling for me, for me!
Gently and long did He plead with my soul,
Calling for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, shall come from on high-
Sweet is the promise as weary years fly;
O I shall see Him descend from the sky,
Coming for me, for me!
Coming for me, for me! Coming for me, for me!
O I shall see Him descend from the sky,
Coming for me, for me!

118 IVORY PALACES

My Lord has garments so wondrous fine,
And myrrh their texture fills;
Its fragrance reached to this heart of mine,
With joy my being thrills.

Refrain:
Out of the ivory palaces, Into a world of woe,
Only His great, eternal love Made my Saviour go.

His life had also its sorrows sore,
For aloes had a part;
And when I think of the cross He bore,
My eyes with teardrops start.

His garments too were in cassia dipped,
With healing in a touch;
Each time my feet in some sin have slipped,
He took me from its clutch.

In garments glorious He will come,
To open wide the door;
And I shall enter my heav'nly home,
To dwell forevermore.

119 O SING A SONG OF BETHLEHEM

O sing a song of Bethlehem, of shepherds shepherds watching there,
And of the news that came to them from angels in the air.
The light that shone on Bethlehem fills all the world today.
Of Jesus' birth and peace on earth the angels sing alway.
Alleluia! Alleluia! The angels sing alway.

O sing a song of Galilee, of lake and and woods and hill,
Of Him Who walked upon the sea and bade its waves be still.
For tho', like waves on Galilee, dark seas of trouble roll,
When faith has heard the Master's word, falls peace upon the soul.
Alleluia! Alleluia! falls peace upon the upon the soul.

O sing a song of Calvary, its glories glory and dismay.
Of Him Who hung upon the tree and took our sins away.
For He Who died on Calvary is risen from the grave,
And Christ, our Lord, by heav'n adored, is mighty now to save,
Alleluia! Alleluia! is mighty now to now to save.

120 WHO IS HE IN YONDER STALL

Who is He in yonder stall,
At whose feet the shepherds fall?
Who is He that stands and weeps
At the grave where Laz'rus sleeps?

Refrain:
'Tis the Lord! oh wondrous story!
'Tis the Lord! the King of glory!
At His feet we humbly fall;
Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all!

Lo! at midnight, who is He
Prays in dark Gethsemane?
Who is He on yonder tree
Dies in grief and agony?

Who is He that from the grave
Comes to succor, help and save?
Who is He that from His throne
Rules thro' all the world alone?

121 TELL ME THE STORY OF JESUS

Tell me the story of Jesus, Write on my heart ev'ry word;
Tell me the story most precious, Sweetest that ever was heard.
Tell how the angels, in chorus, Sang as they welcomed His birth,
"Glory to God in the highest! Peace and good tidings to earth."

Refrain:
Tell me the story of Jesus, Write on my heart ev'ry word;
Tell me the story most precious, Sweetest that ever was heard.

Fasting alone in the desert, Tell of the days that are past,
How for our sins He was tempted, Yet was triumphant at last.
Tell of the years of His labor, Tell of the sorrow He bore,
He was despised and afflicted, Homeless, rejected and poor.

Tell of the cross where they nailed Him, Writhing in anguish and pain;
Tell of the grave where they laid Him, Tell how He liveth again.
Love in that story so tender, Clearer than ever I see:
Stay, let me weep while you whisper, Love paid the ransom for me.

122 THE GREAT PHYSICIAN NOW IS NEAR

The great Physician now is near,
The sympathizing Jesus;
He speaks the drooping heart to cheer,
O hear the voice of Jesus!

Refrain:
Sweetest note in seraph song,
Sweetest name on mortal tongue,
Sweetest carol ever sung:
Jesus, blessed Jesus!

Your many sins are all forgiv'n,
O hear the voice of Jesus:
Go on your way in peace to heav'n,
And wear a crown with Jesus.

All glory to the dying Lamb!
I now believe in Jesus;
I love the blessed Saviour's name,
I love the name of Jesus.

His name dispels my guilt and fear,
No other name but Jesus.
O how my soul delights to hear
The precious name of Jesus!

123 ONE DAY!

One day when heaven was filled with His praises,
One day when sin was as black as could be,
Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin,
Dwelt among men, my example is He!

Refrain:
Living, He loved me; dying, He saved me;
Buried, He carried my sins far away;
Rising, He justified freely forever:
One day He's coming- oh, glorious day!

One day they led Him up Calvary's mountain,
One day they nailed Him to die on the tree;
Suffering anguish, despised and rejected,
Bearing our sins, my Redeemer is He!

One day they left Him alone in the garden,
One day He rested, from suffering free;
Angels came down o'er His tomb to keep vigil;
Hope of the hopeless, my Saviour is He!

One day the grave could conceal Him no longer,
One day the stone rolled away from the door;
Then He arose, over death He has conquered;
Now is ascended, my Lord evermore!

One day the trumpet will sound for His coming,
One day the skies with His glory will shine;
Wonderful day, my beloved ones bringing;
Glorious Saviour, this Jesus is mine!

124 MY SONG IS LOVE UNKNOWN

My song is love unknown, My Saviour's love to me,
Love to the loveless shown, That they might lovely be.
Oh who am I, That for my sake
My Lord should take Frail flesh, and die?

He came from His blest throne, Salvation to bestow;
But men made strange, and none The longed-for Christ would know:
But O, my Friend, My Friend indeed,
Who at my need His life did spend!

Sometimes they strew His way, And sweetest praises sing;
Resounding all the day Hosannas to their King:
Then "Crucify!" Is all their breath,
And for His death They thirst and cry.

They rise, and needs will have My dear Lord made away;
A murderer they save, The Prince of Life they slay.
Yet cheerful He To suff'ring goes,
That He His foes From thence might free.

Here might I stay and sing, No story so divine;
Never was love, dear King, Never was grief like Thine.
This is my Friend, In whose sweet praise
I all my days Could gladly spend.

125 YESTERDAY, TODAY, FOREVER

O how sweet the glorious message Simple faith may claim;
Yesterday, today, forever, Jesus is the same!
Still He loves to save the sinful, Heal the sick and lame,
Cheer the mourner, calm the tempest- Glory to His name!

Refrain:
Yesterday, today, forever, Jesus is the same;
All may change, but Jesus never- Glory to His name!
Glory to His name,
Glory to His name;
All may change, but Jesus never- Glory to His name!

He who was the Friend of sinners Seeks thee, lost one, now;
Sinner, come, and at His footstool Penitently bow.
He who said, "I'll not condemn thee; Go, and sin no more,"
Speaks to thee that word of pardon, As in days of yore.

Him who pardoned erring Peter Never need'st thou fear;
He who came to faithless Thomas All thy doubt will clear;
He who let the loved disciple On His bosom rest
Bids thee still, with love as tender, Lean upon His breast.

He who 'mid the raging billows Walked upon the sea
Still can hush our wildest tempest, As on Galilee;
He who wept and prayed in anguish In Gethsemane,
Drinks with us each cup of trembling, In our agony.

As of old He walked to'Emmaus, With them to abide,
So thro' all life's way He walketh, Ever near our side;
Soon again shall we behold Him- Hasten, Lord, the day!-
But 'twill still be "this same Jesus," As He went away.

126 HARK, THE GLAD SOUND

Hark, the glad sound! the Saviour comes!
The Saviour promised long;
Let ev'ry heart exult with joy,
And ev'ry voice be song!

On him the Spirit, largely shed,
Exerts its sacred fire;
Wisdom and might, and zeal and love,
His holy breast inspire.

He comes! the pris'ners to relieve,
In Satan's bondage held;
The gates of brass before him burst,
The iron fetters yield.

He comes! the broken hearts to bind,
The bleeding souls to cure;
And with the treasures of his grace
Enrich the humble poor.

Our glad hosannahs, Prince of Peace!
Thy welcome shall proclaim;
And heav'n's exalted arches ring
With thy most honored name.

127 THE SAVIOUR OF THE WORLD

I cannot tell why He whom angels worship
Should set His love upon the sons of of men,
Or why, as Shepherd, He should seek the wand'rers,
To bring them them back, they know not how or when:
But this I know, that He was born of Mary,
When Bethl'hem's manger was His only home,
And that He lived at Nazareth and labored,
And so the Saviour, Saviour of the world, is come.

I cannot tell how silently He suffered,
As with His peace He graced this place of tears,
Or how His heart upon the cross was broken,
The crown of of pain to three and thirty years:
But this I know, He heals the brokenhearted,
And stays our sin, and calms our lurking fear,
And lifts the burden from the heavyladen,
For yet the Saviour, Saviour of the world, is here.

I cannot tell how He will win the nations,
How He will claim His earthly heritage,
How satisfy the needs and aspirations
Of East and and West, of sinner and of sage:
But this I know, all flesh shall see His glory,
And He shall reap the harvest He has sown,
And some glad day His sun shall shine in splendor
When He the Saviour, Saviour of the world, is known.

I cannot tell how all the lands shall worship,
When, at His bidding, ev'ry storm is stilled,
Or who can say how great the jubilation
When all the the hearts of men with love are filled:
But this I know, the skies will thrill with gladness,
And myriad, myriad human voices sing,
And earth to heav'n, and heav'n to earth, will answer:
For evermore the Saviour of the world is King!

128 HALLELUJAH! WHAT A SAVIOUR!

Man of Sorrows! what a name
For the Son of God, who came
Ruined sinners to reclaim!
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

Bearing shame and scoffing rude,
In my place condemned He stood;
Sealed my pardon with His blood:
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

Guilty, vile and helpless, we;
Spotless Lamb of God was He:
Full atonement!- can it be?
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

Lifted up was He to die,
"It is finished!" was His cry;
Now in heav'n exalted high:
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

When He comes, our glorious King,
All His ransomed home to bring,
Then anew this song we'll sing:
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

129 BLESSED REDEEMER

Up Calv'ry's mountain, one dreadful morn,
Walked Christ my Saviour, weary and worn;
Facing for sinners death on the cross,
That He might save them from endless loss.

Refrain:
Blessed Redeemer, precious Redeemer!
Seems now I see Him on Calvary's tree,
Wounded and bleeding, for sinners pleading-
Blind and unheeding- dying for me!

"Father, forgive them!" thus did He pray,
E'en while His lifeblood flowed fast away;
Praying for sinners while in such woe-
No one but Jesus ever loved so.

O how I love Him, Saviour and Friend!
How can my praises ever find end!
Thro' years un-numbered on heaven's shore,
My tongue shall praise Him forevermore.

130 BENEATH THE CROSS OF JESUS

Beneath the cross of Jesus I fain would take my stand,
The shadow of a mighty rock Within a weary land,
A home within the wilderness,
A rest upon the way,
From the burning of the noontide heat,
And the burden of the day.

O safe and happy shelter! O refuge tried and sweet!
O trysting place where heaven's love And heaven's justice meet!
As to the holy patriarch
That wondrous dream was given,
So seems my Saviour's cross to me
A ladder up to heaven.

There lies beneath its shadow, But on the farther side,
The darkness of an awful grave That gapes both deep and wide:
And there between us stands the cross,
Two arms outstretched to save,
Like a watchman set to guard the way
From that eternal grave.

Upon that cross of Jesus, Mine eye at times can see
The very dying form of One Who suffered there for me;
And from my smitten heart, with tears,
Two wonders I confess-
The wonders of His glorious love,
And my unworthiness.

I take, O cross, thy shadow For my abiding place;
I ask no other sunshine than The sunshine of His face;
Content to let the world go by,
To know no gain nor loss,
My sinful self my only shame,
My glory all- the cross!

131 BLESSED BE THE FOUNTAIN

Blessed be the fountain of blood
To a world of sinners revealed;
Blessed be the dear Son of God;
By His stripes alone are we healed.
Tho' I've wandered far from His fold,
Bringing to my heart pain and woe,
Wash me in the blood of the Lamb,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Refrain:
Whiter than the snow,
Whiter than the snow,
Wash me in the blood of the Lamb,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Thorny was the crown that He wore,
And the cross His body o'ercame;
Grievous were the sorrows He bore,
But He suffered thus not in vain.
May I to that Fountain be led,
Made to cleanse my sins here below;
Wash me in the blood that He shed,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Father, I have wandered from Thee,
Often has my heart gone astray;
Crimson do my sins seem to me:
Water cannot wash them away.
Jesus, to that Fountain of Thine,
Leaning on Thy promise I go,
Cleanse me by Thy washing divine,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

132 WHAT SACRED FOUNTAIN YONDER SPRINGS

What sacred fountain yonder springs
Up from the throne of God,
And all new cov'nant blessings brings?
'Tis Jesus' precious blood.

What mighty sum paid all my debt
When I a bondman stood,
And has my soul at freedom set?
'Tis Jesus' precious blood.

What stream is that which sweeps away
My sins just like a flood,
Nor lets one guilty blemish stay?
'Tis Jesus' precious blood.

What voice is that which speaks for me
In heav'n's high court for good,
And from the curse has made me free?
'Tis Jesus' precious blood.

What theme, my soul, shall best employ
Thy harp before thy God,
And make all heav'n to ring with joy?
'Tis Jesus' precious blood.

133 HARK! THE VOICE OF LOVE AND MERCY

Hark! the Hark! the voice of love and mercy
Sounds aloud from Calvary;
See it rends the rocks asunder,
Shakes the earth and veils the sky:
"It is finished! It is finished!" Hear the dying Saviour cry;
"It is finished! It is finished!" Hear the dying Saviour cry.

"It is finished!" What assurance
Do the wondrous words afford!
Heav'nly blessings without measure
Flow to us from Christ the Lord:
"It is finished! It is finished!" Saints, the dying words record;
"It is finished! It is finished!" Saints, the dying words record.

Finished all the types and shadows
Of the ceremonial law;
Finished all that God had promised:
Death and hell no more shall awe.
"It is finished! It is finished!" Saints, from hence your comfort draw;
"It is finished! It is finished!" Saints, from hence your comfort draw.

Saints and Saints and angels, shout His praises,
His great finished work proclaim;
All on earth and all in heaven,
Join to bless Immanuel's name:
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Endless glory to the Lamb;
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Endless glory to the Lamb!

135 WHEN I SURVEY THE WONDROUS CROSS

When I survey the wondrous cross,
On which the Prince of glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast
Save in the death of Christ my God:
All the vain things that charm me most,
I sacrifice them to His blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were an off'ring far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

136 NOT ALL THE BLOOD OF BEASTS

Not all the blood of beasts
On Jewish altars slain
Could give the guilty conscience peace,
Or wash away the stain.

But Christ, the heav'nly Lamb,
Takes all our sins away;
A sacrifice of nobler name
And richer blood than they.

My faith would lay her hand
On that dear head of Thine,
While like a penitent I stand,
And there confess my sin.

My soul looks back to see
The burden Thou didst bear,
When hanging on th'accursed tree,
And knows her guilt was there.

Believing, we rejoice
To see the curse removed;
We bless the Lamb with cheerful voice,
And sing His bleeding love.

138 IT IS FINISHED

Long ago I saw my Saviour
Bearing shame upon a tree;
Then my heart was touched with sorrow,
For I saw He bled for me.

Refrain:
"It is finished," loud He cried;
O what love- for me He died.
In my stead He bled on Calvary;
Once for all Christ rescued me.

Lo, the sky was veiled in darkness;
Sudden trembling shook the ground
As the angry crowd was jeering,
Mocking Jesus all around.

Then my Saviour called to heaven
As I saw His love anew,
"O my Father, please forgive them,
For they know not what they do."

Free salvation now he offers;
Take His gift, O hear His plea;
On the bloody cross behold Him,
Join His shout of victory.

139 O SACRED HEAD NOW WOUNDED

O sacred Head, now wounded,
With grief and shame weighed down;
Now scornfully surrounded
With thorns, Thine only crown;
O sacred Head, what glory,
What bliss 'til now was Thine;
Yet though despised and gory,
I joy to call Thee mine!

What Thou, my Lord, hast suffered
Was all for sinners' gain;
'Twas mine the dread transgression,
But Thine the deadly pain.
Lo, here I fall, my Saviour,
'Tis I deserve Thy place;
Oh, look on me with favor;
Vouchsafe to me Thy grace.

What language shall I borrow
To thank Thee, dearest Friend,
For this Thy dying sorrow,
Thy pity without end?
Oh, make me Thine forever;
And, should I fainting be,
Lord, let me never, never
Outlive my love to Thee.

Be near when I am dying,
Oh, show Thy cross to me;
And for my succor flying,
Come, Lord, to set me free:
These eyes new faith receiving,
From Thee shall not remove,
For he who dies believing
Dies safely thro' Thy love.

140 AT THE CROSS

Alas, and did my Saviour bleed?
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For such a worm as I?

Refrain:
At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light,
And the burden of my heart rolled away,
It was there by faith I received my sight,
And now I am happy all the day!

Was it for crimes that I have done,
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity! grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide,
And shut his glories in,
When Christ, the mighty Maker, died
For man, the creature's sin.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe;
Here, Lord, I give myself away-
'Tis all that I can do!

141 ALAS! AND DID MY SAVIOUR BLEED?

Alas, and did my Saviour bleed?
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For such a worm as I?

Was it for crimes that I have done,
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity! grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide,
And shut his glories in,
When Christ, the mighty Maker, died
For man, the creature's sin.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe;
Here, Lord, I give myself away-
'Tis all that I can do!

142 IN THE CROSS OF CHRIST I GLORY

In the cross of Christ I glory,
Tow'ring o'er the wrecks of time;
All the light of sacred story
Gathers round its head sublime.

When the woes of life o'ertake me,
Hopes deceive, and fears annoy,
Never shall the cross forsake me:
Lo! it glows with peace and joy.

When the sun of bliss is beaming
Light and love upon my way,
From the cross the radiance streaming
Adds more luster to the day.

Bane and blessing, pain and pleasure,
By the cross are sanctified;
Peace is there that knows no measure,
Joys that thro' all time abide.

143 THE OLD RUGGED CROSS

On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross,
The emblem of suff'ring and shame;
And I love that old cross where the dearest and best
For a world of lost sinners was slain.

Refrain:
So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it some day for a crown.

Oh, that old rugged cross, so despised by the world,
Has a wondrous attraction for me;
For the dear Lamb of God left His glory above
To bear it to dark Calvary.

In the old rugged cross, stained with blood so divine,
A wonderful wondrous beauty I see;
For 'twas on that old cross Jesus suffered and died
To pardon and sanctify me.

To the old rugged cross I will ever be true,
Its shame and reproach gladly bear;
Then He'll call me some day to my home far away,
Where His glory forever I'll share.

144 AN ATONING DEATH

Have you read the story of the cross
Where Jesus bled and died;
When your debt was paid by the precious blood
That flowed from His wounded side?

Refrain:
He died an atoning death for thee,
He died an atoning death;
O wondrous love! it was for thee
He died an atoning death!

Have you read how they placed the crown of thorns
Upon His kingly brow?
How He cried: "Forgive them, O forgive,
They know not what they do."

Have you read how the dying thief was saved
While hanging on the tree?
When he looked with pleading eyes and said,
"Dear Lord, remember me."

Have you read that He looked to heav'n and said:
"'Tis finished"- 'twas for thee?
Have you ever said: "I thank Thee, Lord,
For giving Thy life for me"?

145 'TIS MIDNIGHT; AND ON OLIVE'S BROW

'Tis midnight; and on Olive's brow
The star is dimmed that lately shone:
'Tis midnight in the garden now
The suff'ring Saviour prays alone.

'Tis midnight; and from all removed,
The Saviour wrestles lone with fears:
E'en that disciple whom He loved
Heeds not his Master's grief and tears.

'Tis midnight; and for other's guilt
The Man of Sorrows weeps in blood;
Yet He Who hath in anguish knelt
Is not forsaken by His God.

'Tis midnight; and with traitor's kiss
Betrayed is now the Lord of Bliss:
He now is led to grief and pain
To earn for me eternal gain.

146 THERE IS A GREEN HILL FAR AWAY

There is a green hill far away,
Without a city wall,
Where Christ, our Lord, was crucified,
Who died to save us all.

We may not know, we cannot tell
What pains He had to bear;
But we believe it was for us
He hung and suffered there.

He died that we might be forgiv'n
And reconciled to God,
That we might go at last to heav'n,
Redeemed by His own blood.

There was no other good enough
To pay the price of sin;
He only could unlock the gate
Of heav'n and let us in.

Oh, dearly, dearly has He loved,
And we must love Him, too;
And trust His all-sufficient blood,
And try His works to do.

147 O CHRIST, WHAT BURDENS BOWED THY HEAD

O Christ, what burdens bowed Thy head!
Our load was laid on Thee;
Thou stoodest in the sinner's stead,
Didst bear all ill for me.
A victim led, Thy blood was shed;
Now there's no load for me.

Death and the curse were in our cup:
O Christ, 'twas full for Thee!
But Thou hast drained the last dark drop,
'Tis empty now for me:
That bitter cup, love drank it up;
Now blessing's draught for me.

Jehovah lifted up His rod:
O Christ, it fell on Thee!
Thou wast sore stricken of Thy God;
There's not one stroke for me:
Thy tears, Thy blood beneath it flowed;
Thy bruising healeth me.

Jehovah bade His sword awake:
O Christ, it woke 'gainst Thee!
Thy blood the flaming blade must slake,
Thy heart its sheath must be:
All for my sake, my peace to make-
Now sleeps that sword for me.

For me, Lord Jesus, Thou hast died,
And I have died in Thee:
Thou art ris'n- my bands are all un-tied,
And now Thou liv'st in me:
When purified, made white, and tried,
Thy glory then for me!

148 O TEACH ME WHAT IT MEANETH

O teach me what it meaneth, That cross uplifted high,
With One, the Man of Sorrows, Condemned to bleed and die!
O teach me what it cost Thee To make a sinner whole;
And teach me, Saviour, teach me The value of a soul!

O teach me what it meaneth, That sacred crimson tide,
The blood and water flowing From Thine own wounded side.
Teach me that if none other Had sinned, but I alone,
Yet still Thy blood, Lord Jesus, Thine only, must atone.

O teach me what it meaneth, Thy love beyond compare,
The love that reacheth deeper Than depths of self-despair!
Yes, teach me, till there gloweth In this poor heart of mine
Some feeble, pale reflection Of that pure love of Thine.

O teach me what it meaneth, For I am full of sin,
And grace alone can reach me, And love alone can win.
O teach me, for I need Thee, I have no help beside-
The chief of all the sinners For whom the Saviour died?

O Infinite Redeemer! I bring no other plea;
Because Thou dost invite me I cast myself on Thee.
Because Thou dost accept me I love and I adore;
Because Thy love constraineth, I'll praise Thee ever more!

149 HE WAS WOUNDED FOR OUR TRANSGRESSIONS

He was wounded for our transgressions,
He bore our sins in His body on the tree;
For our guilt He gave us peace,
From our bondage gave release,
And with His stripes,
and with His stripes,
And with His stripes our souls are healed.

He was numbered among transgressors,
We did esteem Him forsaken by His God;
As our sacrifice He died,
That the law be satisfied,
And all our sin,
and all our sin,
And all our sin was laid on Him.

We had wandered, we all had wandered
Far from the fold of "the Shepherd of the sheep";
But He sought us where we were,
On the mountains bleak and bare,
And bro't us home,
and bro't us home,
And bro't us safely home to God.

Who can number His generation?
Who shall declare all the triumphs of His Cross?
Millions, dead, now live again,
Myriads follow in His train!
Victorious Lord,
victorious Lord,
Victorious Lord and coming King!

150 'TIS THE CHRIST

Stricken, smitten, and afflicted,
See Him dying on the tree!
'Tis the Christ by man rejected;
Yes, my soul, 'tis He,
'Tis the longexpected Prophet,
David's Son, yet David's Lord;
By His Son God now has spoken:
'Tis the true and faithful Word.

Tell me, ye who hear Him groaning,
Was there ever grief like His?
Friends thro' fear His cause disowning,
Foes insulting His distress;
Many hands were raised to wound Him,
None would interpose to save;
But the deepest stroke that pierced Him
Was the stroke that Justice gave.

Ye who think of sin but lightly
Nor suppose the evil great
Here may view its nature rightly,
Here its guilt may estimate.
Mark the Sacrifice appointed,
See Who bears the awful load;
'Tis the Word, the Lord's Anointed,
Son of Man and Son of God.

Here we have a firm foundation,
Here the refuge of the lost;
Christ's the Rock of our salvation,
His the name of which we boast.
Lamb of God, for sinners wounded,
Sacrifice to cancel guilt!
None shall ever be confounded
Who on Him their hope have built.

151 CRUCIFIED!

They nailed my Lord upon the tree
And left Him, dying, there:
Thro' love He suffered there for me;
'Twas love beyond compare.

Refrain:
Crucified! crucified!
And nailed upon the tree!
With pierced hands and feet and side!
For you! For me!

Upon His head a crown of thorns,
Upon His heart my shame;
For me He prayed, for me He died,
And dying, spoke my name.

"Forgive them, O forgive!" He cried,
Then bowed His sacred head;
O Lamb of God! my sacrifice!
For me Thy blood was shed.

His voice I hear, His love I know;
I worship at His feet;
And kneeling there, at Calv'ry's cross,
Redemption is complete.

152 WE SING THE PRAISE

We sing the praise of Him who died,
Of Him who bled upon the cross;
The sinner's hope let men deride,
For this we count the world but loss.

Inscribed upon the cross we see
In shining letters, "God is love;"
He bore our sins upon the tree;
And brought us mercy from above.

The cross! it takes our guilt away;
It holds the fainting spirit up;
It cheers with hope the gloomy day,
And sweetens ev'ry bitter cup.

It makes the coward spirit brave,
And nerves the feeble arm for fight;
It takes the terror from the grave,
And gilds the bed of death with light.

The balm of life, the cure of woe,
The measure and the pledge of love,
The sinner's refuge here below,
The angel's theme in heav'n above.

153 BEHOLD THE SAVIOUR ON THE CROSS

Behold the Saviour on the cross,
A spectacle of woe!
See from his agonizing wounds
The blood incessant flow;

Till death's pale ensigns o'er his cheek
And trembling lips were spread;
Till light forsook his closing eyes,
And life his drooping head!

"'Tis finished"- was his latest voice;
These sacred accents o'er,
He bowed his head, gave up the ghost,
And suffered pain no more.

"'Tis finished"- The Messiah dies
For sins, but not his own;
The great redemption is complete,
And Satan's pow'r o'erthrown.

"'Tis finished"- All his groans are past;
His blood, his pain, and toils,
Have fully vanquished all our foes,
And crowned him with their spoils.

"'Tis finished"- Legal worship ends,
And gospel ages run;
All old things now are passed away,
A new world is begun.

154 HE DIED FOR ME

I saw One hanging on a tree
In agony and blood,
Who fixed His loving eyes on me,
As near His cross I stood.

Refrain:
O can it be, upon a tree
The Saviour died for me?
My soul is thrilled, my heart is filled
To think He died for me!

My conscience felt and owned my guilt,
And plunged me in despair;
I saw my sins His blood had shed
And helped to nail Him there.

A second look He gave, which said:
"I freely all forgive:
This blood is for thy ransom paid,
I die that thou may'st live."

155 O LOVE DIVINE!

O Love divine! what hast thou done?
Th'immortal God hath died for me!
The Father's co-eternal Son
Bore all my sins upon the tree;
Th'immortal God for me hath died!
My Lord, my Love is crucified.

Behold Him, all ye that pass by,
The bleeding Prince of life and peace!
Come, sinners, see your Maker die,
And say, was ever grief like His?
Come, feel with me His blood applied.
My Lord, my Love is crucified.

Is crucified for me and you,
To bring us rebels back to God:
Believe, believe the record true,
Ye now are bought with Jesus' blood,
Pardon for sin flows from His side:
My Lord, my Love is crucified.

Then let us sit beneath His cross,
And gladly catch the healing stream,
All things for Him account but loss,
And give up all our hearts to Him;
Of nothing think or speak beside:
My Lord, my Love is crucified.

156 CHRIST, THE LORD, IS RISEN TODAY

Christ, the Lord, is ris'n today;
Hallelujah!
Sons of men and angels say
Hallelujah!
Raise your joys and triumphs high;
Hallelujah!
Sing, ye heav'ns, and earth reply:
Hallelujah!

Love's redeeming work is done;
Hallelujah!
Fought the fight, the battle won.
Hallelujah!
Death in vain forbids Him rise;
Hallelujah!
Christ hath opened Paradise.
Hallelujah!

Lives again our glorious King;
Hallelujah!
"Where, O death, is now thy sting?"
Hallelujah!
Once He died our souls to save:
Hallelujah!
Where's thy victory, O grave?
Hallelujah!

Soar we now where Christ hath led,
Hallelujah!
Foll'wing our exalted Head;
Hallelujah!
Made like Him, like Him we rise;
Hallelujah!
Ours the cross, the grave, the skies.
Hallelujah!

157 FAR ABOVE ALL

"Far above all" is our Saviour enthroned;
Crowned is the Lamb who for sinners atoned;
Living forever to list to our call,
God hath exalted Him "far above all."

Refrain:
"Far above all!" "far above all!"
Jesus the Crucified, "far above all!"
Low at His footstool adoring we fall,
God hath exalted Him "far above all."

When the fierce tempest, uplifting its waves,
Seeks to engulf us, we cry and He saves;
Looking to Jesus, upheld by His hand,
Tread we the billows as safe as on land.

High are the cities that dare our assault,
Strong are the barriers that call us to halt;
March we on fearless, and down they must fall,
Vanquished by faith in Him "far above all."

His is the kingdom from pole unto pole;
"Far above all" while the ages shall roll;
With Him the victors, who followed His call,
Share in His royalty "far above all."

158 JESUS LIVES, AND SO SHALL I

Jesus lives, and so shall I,
Death! thy sting is gone forever.
He who deigned for me to die,
Lives, the bands of death to sever.
He shall raise me with the just:
Jesus is my hope and trust.

Jesus lives and reigns supreme;
And, His kingdom still remaining,
I shall also be with Him,
Ever living, ever reigning.
God has promised: be it must;
Jesus is my hope and trust.

Jesus lives, I know full well,
Naught from Him my heart can sever,
Life nor death nor pow'rs of hell,
Joy nor grief, henceforth forever.
None of all His saints is lost;
Jesus is my hope and trust.

Jesus lives, and death is now
But my entrance into glory.
Courage, then, my soul,
for thou Hast a crown of life before thee;
Thou shalt find thy hopes were just;
Jesus is the Christian's trust.

159 CHRIST AROSE

Low in the grave He lay,
Jesus my Saviour!
Waiting the coming day,
Jesus my Lord!

Refrain:
Up from the grave He arose!
With a mighty triumph o'er His foes;
He arose a Victor from the dark domain,
And He lives forever with His saints to reign.
He arose! He arose!
Hallelujah! Christ arose!

Vainly they watch His bed,
Jesus my Saviour!
Vainly they seal the dead,
Jesus my Lord!

Death cannot keep his prey,
Jesus my Saviour!
He tore the bars away,
Jesus my Lord!

160 LAMB OF GOD, THOU NOW ART SEATED

Lamb of God, Thou now art seated
High upon Thy Father's throne,
All Thy gracious work completed,
All Thy mighty vict'ry won;
Ev'ry knee in heav'n is bending
To the Lamb for sinners slain;
Ev'ry voice and harp is swelling-
Worthy is the Lamb to reign!

Lord, in all Thy pow'r and glory,
Still Thy tho'ts and eyes are here;
Watching o'er Thy ransomed people,
To Thy gracious heart so dear;
Thou for them art interceding-
Everlasting is Thy love-
And a blessed rest preparing
In our Father's house above.

Lamb of God, Thou soon in glory
Wilt to this sad earth return;
All Thy foes shall quake before Thee,
All that now despise Thee mourn:
Then Thy saints shall rise to meet Thee,
With Thee in Thy kingdom reign;
Thine the praise and Thine the glory,
Lamb of God for sinners slain.

161 ENTHRONED IS JESUS NOW

Enthroned is Jesus now
Upon His heav'nly seat;
The kingly crown is on His brow,
The saints are at His feet.

Refrain:
Thy grace, O Holy Ghost,
Thy blessed help supply,
That we may join that radiant host,
Triumphant in the sky.

In shining white they stand,
That great and countless throng;
A palmy scepter in each hand,
On ev'ry lip a song.

They sing the Lamb of God,
Once slain on earth for them;
The Lamb, thro' whose atoning blood
Each wears his diadem.

162 THINE BE THE GLORY

Thine be the glory, risen, conqu'ring Son;
Endless is the vict'ry Thou o'er death hast won;
Angels in bright raiment rolled the stone away,
Kept the folded grave-clothes, where Thy body body lay.

Refrain:
Thine be the glory, risen, conqu'ring Son,
Endless is the vict'ry Thou o'er death hast won!

Lo! Jesus meets us, risen from the tomb;
Lovingly He greets us, scatters fear and gloom;
Let the church with gladness hymns of triumph sing,
For her Lord now liveth, death hath lost lost its sting.

No more we doubt Thee, glorious Prince of life;
Life is naught without Thee:aid us in our strife;
Make us more than conqu'rors, through Thy deathless love;
Bring us safe through Jordan to Thy home home above.

163 LOOK, YE SAINTS

Look, ye saints, the sight is glorious;
See the Man of Sorrows now
From the fight returned victorious,
Ev'ry knee to Him shall bow;
Crown Him! Crown Him!
Crown Him! Crown Him!
Crowns become the Victor's brow.

Crown the Saviour! angels, crown Him!
Rich the trophies Jesus brings:
In the seat of pow'r enthrone Him,
While the vault of heaven rings:
Crown Him! Crown Him!
Crown Him! Crown Him!
Crown the Saviour King of kings.

Sinners in derision crowned Him,
Mocking thus the Saviour's claim;
Saints and angels crowd around Him,
Own His title, praise His Name:
Crown Him! Crown Him!
Crown Him! Crown Him!
Spread abroad the Victor's fame.

Hark, those bursts of acclamation!
Hark, those loud triumphant chords!
Jesus takes the highest station:
O what joy the sight affords!
Crown Him! Crown Him!
Crown Him! Crown Him!
King of kings and Lord of lords!

165 I KNOW THAT MY REDEEMER LIVES

I know that my Redeemer lives:
What joy the blest assurance gives!
He lives, He lives, who once was dead;
He lives, my everlasting Head,
He lives, my everlasting Head.

He lives, triumphant from the grave;
He lives, eternally to save;
He lives, all glorious in the sky;
He lives, exalted there on high,
He lives, exalted there on high.

He lives to bless me with His love,
And still He pleads for me above;
He lives to raise me from the grave,
And me eternally to save,
And me eternally to save.

He lives, my kind, wise, constant Friend,
Who still will keep me to the end;
He lives, and while He lives I'll sing,
Jesus, my Prophet, Priest, and King,
Jesus, my Prophet, Priest, and King.

He lives my mansion to prepare;
And He will bring me safely there;
He lives, all glory to His Name!
Jesus, unchangeably the same,
Jesus, unchangeably the same!

166 I KNOW THAT MY REDEEMER LIVETH

I know that my Redeemer liveth,
And on the earth again shall stand;
I know eternal life He giveth,
That grace and pow'r are in His hand.

Refrain:
I know, I know that Jesus liveth,
And on the earth again shall stand;
I know, I know that life He giveth,
That grace and pow'r are in His hand.

I know His promise never faileth,
The word He speaks, it cannot die;
Tho' cruel death my flesh assaileth,
Yet I shall see Him by and by.

I know my mansion He prepareth,
That where He is there I may be;
O wondrous tho't, for me He careth,
And He at last will come for me.

167 CHRIST IS RISEN! HALLELUJAH!

Christ is risen! Hallelujah!
Risen our victorious Head!
Sing His praises! Hallelujah!
Christ is risen from the dead.
Gratefully our hearts adore Him
As His light once more appears,
Bowing down in joy before Him,
Rising up from grief and tears.

Refrain:
Christ is risen! Hallelujah!
Risen our victorious Head!
Sing His praises! Hallelujah!
Christ is risen from the dead.

Christ is risen! all the sadness
Of His earthly life is o'er;
Thro' the open gates of gladness
He returns to life once more;
Death and hell before Him bending,
He doth rise, the Victor now;
Angels, on His steps attending,
Glory 'round His wounded brow.

Christ is risen! henceforth never
Death or hell shall us enthral;
We are Christ's, in Him for ever
We have triumphed over all;
All the doubting and dejection
Of our trembling hearts have ceased;
'Tis His day of resurrection,
Let us rise and keep the feast.

168 THE VICTOR

The head that once was crowned with thorns
Is crowned with glory now;
A royal diadem adorns
The mighty Victor's brow.

The highest place that heav'n affords
Is His by sov'reign right,
The King of kings and Lord of lords,
And heav'n's eternal light.

The joy of all who dwell above,
The joy of all below
To whom He manifests His love,
And grants His Name to know.

To them the cross, with all its shame,
With all its grace, is giv'n:
Their name an everlasting name,
Their joy the joy of heav'n.

They suffer with their Lord below,
They reign with Him above;
Their profit and their joy to know
The myst'ry of His love.

The cross He bore is life and health,
Tho' shame and death to Him;
His people's hope, His people's wealth,
Their everlasting theme.

169 HE LIVES!

I serve a risen Saviour; He's in the world today.
I know that He is living, whatever men may say.
I see His hand of mercy, I hear His voice of cheer,
And just the time I need Him He's always near.

Refrain:
He lives! He lives! Christ Jesus lives today!
He walks with me and talks with me along life's narrow way.
He lives! He lives! Salvation to impart!
You ask me how I know He lives? He lives within my heart.

In all the world around me I see His loving care,
And though my heart grows weary I never will despair.
I know that He is leading, thro' all the stormy blast;
The day of His appearing will come at last.

Rejoice, rejoice, O Christian! Lift up your voice and sing
Eternal hallelujahs to Jesus Christ, the King!
The Hope of all who seek Him, the Help of all who find,
None other is so loving, so good and kind.

170 JESUS, IN HIS HEAVENLY GLORY

Jesus, in His heav'nly glory,
Sits with God upon the throne;
Now no more to be forsaken,
His humiliation gone.

Never-more shall God, Jehovah,
Smite the Shepherd with the sword;
Ne'er again shall cruel sinners
Set at nought our glorious Lord.

Jesus fills Dwelling in eternal sunshine
Of the countenance of God,
all heav'n with incense
Of His reconciling blood.

On His heart our names are graven,
On His shoulders we are borne;
Of our God beloved in Jesus,
We can love Him in return.

171 I AM HE THAT LIVETH

He died! He died! the lowly Man of Sorrows,
On whom were laid our many griefs and woes;
Our sins He bore, beneath God's awful billows,
And He hath triumphed over all our foes.

Refrain:
"I am He that liveth, that liveth, and was dead;
I am He that liveth, that liveth, and was dead;
And behold, I am alive forevermore;
Behold, I am alive forevermore.
I am He that liveth, that liveth, and was dead;
And behold, I am alive forevermore."

He lives! He lives! what glorious consolation!
Exalted at His Father's own right hand;
He pleads for us, and by His intercession,
Enables all His saints by grace to stand.

He comes! He comes! Oh, blest anticipation!
In keeping with His true and faithful Word;
To call us to our heav'nly consummation,
Caught up, to be "forever with the Lord."

172 FATHER OF PEACE

Father of peace, and God of love!
We own thy pow'r to save,
That pow'r by which our Shepherd rose
Victorious o'er the grave.

Him from the dead thou brought'st again,
When, by his sacred blood,
Confirmed and sealed for evermore,
Th'eternal cov'nant stood.

O may thy Spirit seal our souls,
And mould them to thy will,
That our weak hearts no more may stray,
But keep thy precepts still.

That to perfection's sacred height
We nearer still may rise,
And all we think, and all we do,
Be pleasing in thine eyes.

173 OUR GREAT HIGH PRIEST IS SITTING

Our great High Priest is sitting
At God's right hand above,
For us His hands uplifting
In sympathy and love:
Whilst here below, in weakness,
We onward speed our way;
In sorrow oft and sickness,
We sigh, and groan, and pray.

Thro' manifold temptation,
My soul holds on its course,
Christ's mighty intercession
Alone is my resource;
My gracious High Priest's pleadings,
Who on the cross did bleed,
Bring down God's grace and blessings,
And help in hour of need.

'Twas God's most gracious favor,
That gave His Son to die,
To live our Intercessor,
To plead for us on high.
O Jesus, blessed Saviour,
Who soon for us will come;
Redemption's work completed,
Our battle fought, and won.

174 ARISE, MY SOUL, ARISE

A rise, my soul, arise;
Shake off thy guilty fears;
The bleeding Sacrifice
In my behalf appears:
Before the throne my Surety stands,
Before the throne my Surety stands;
My name is written on His hands.

He ever lives above,
For me to intercede;
His all-redeeming love,
His precious blood to plead;
His blood for sin did once atone,
His blood for sin did once atone,
And now it pleads before the Throne.

Five bleeding wounds He bears,
Received on Calvary,
They pour effectual prayers,
They strongly plead for me:
"Forgive him, O forgive," they cry,
"Forgive him, O forgive," they cry,
"Nor let that ransomed sinner die!"

The Father hears Him pray,
His dear anointed One;
He cannot turn away
The presence of His Son;
His Spirit answers to the blood,
His Spirit answers to the blood,
And tells me I am born of God.

I now am reconciled;
God's pard'ning voice I hear,
He owns me as His child,
I can no longer fear;
With confidence I now draw nigh,
With confidence I now draw nigh,
And, "Father, Abba, Father," cry.

175 A GOOD HIGH PRIEST IS COME

A good High Priest is come,
Supplying Aaron's place,
And taking up his room,
Dispensing life and grace,
The law by Aaron's priesthood came,
But grace and truth by Jesus' name.

He once temptations knew
Of ev'ry sort and kind,
That He might succor show
To ev'ry tempted mind:
In ev'ry point the Lamb was tried
Like us, and then for us He died.

He died; but lives again,
And by the throne He stands,
There shows how He was slain,
Op'ning His pierced hands:
Our Priest abides and pleads the cause
Of us who have transgressed His laws.

I other priests disclaim,
And laws and off'rings too;
None but the bleeding Lamb
The mighty work can do:
He shall have all the praise: for He
Has loved, and died, and lives for me.

176 WITH JOY WE MEDITATE THE GRACE

With joy we meditate the grace
Of our High Priest above:
His heart is filled with tenderness-
His very name is Love!

Touched with a sympathy within,
He knows our feeble frame-
He knows what sorest trials mean,
For He has felt the same!

But spotless, undefiled undefiled,
and pure Our great Redeemer stood:
No stain of sin did e'er defile
The holy Lamb of God.

He, when He sojourned here below,
Poured out His cries and tears,
And now, ascended, feels afresh
What ev'ry member bears!

Then boldly let our faith address
The throne of grace and pow'r:
We shall obtain deliv'ring grace
In ev'ry needy hour.

177 BEFORE THE THRONE OF GOD ABOVE

Before the throne of God above
I have a strong, a perfect plea,
A great High Priest, whose name is love,
Who ever lives and pleads for me.

My name is graven in His hands,
My name is written on His heart;
I know that, while in heav'n He stands,
No tongue can bid me thence depart.

When Satan tempts me to despair,
And tells me of the guilt within, I look
Up ward above and see Him there
Who made an end of all my sin.

Because the sinless Saviour died,
My sinful soul is counted free;
For God the Just is satisfied
To look on Him, and pardon me.

Behold Him there! the risen Lamb!
My perfect, spotless righteousness,
The great unchangeable I Am,
The King of glory and of grace!

One with Himself, I cannot die,
My soul is purchased by His blood;
My life is hid with Christ on high,
With Christ, my Saviour and my God.

178 THE SAVIOUR TO GLORY IS GONE

The Saviour to glory is gone;
His suff'rings and sorrows are past;
His work is completed and done,
And shall for eternity last.
Forever He lives to bestow
The blessings He purchased so dear;
Our bosoms with gratitude glow,
Whilst to Him, by faith, we draw near.

Expecting from Him to receive
All fullness of glory and grace,
Rejoicing in hope, we believe,
His promises thankful embrace.
Our King shall protect us from harms,
Our Advocate make our plea good;
Our Shepherd will bear in His arms
The sheep which He bought with His blood.

Our Prophet will point out the way
Which leads to the mansions above;
Our Priest all our ransom shall pay,
Our Friend of unchangeable love.
But whilst to the Lamb on His throne
Our hearts and our voices we raise,
His glory exalted we own
Above all our blessing and praise.

179 THE VEIL IS RENT

The veil is rent: lo! Jesus stands
Before the throne of grace;
And clouds of incense from His hands
Fill all that glorious place.

Refrain:
By Him, our Priest and Sacrifice,
We enter thro' the veil;
"'Tis finished!" here our souls can rest,
His work can never fail.

His precious blood is sprinkled there,
Before and on the throne;
And His own wounds in heav'n declare
His work on earth is done.

"'Tis finished!" on the cross He said,
In agonies and blood;
"'Tis finished!" now He lives to plead
Before the face of God.

180 OH JOY THERE SITTETH

Oh joy there sitteth in our flesh, upon a throne of light,
One of a human mother born in perfect Godhead bright!

Touched with a sympathy within, He knows our feeble frame;
He knows what sore temptations mean for He has felt the same.

But spotless, innocent and pure the great Redeemer stood,
While Satan's fiery darts He bore, resisting unto blood.

He in the days of feeble flesh poured out His cries and tears,
And in a measure feels afresh what ev'ry member bears.

He'll never quench the smoking flax but raise it to a flame;
The bruised reed He never breaks, nor scorns the meanest name.

Then let our humble faith address His mercy and His pow'r;
We shall obtain deliv'ring grace in ev'ry trying hour.

181 SING WE THE KING

Sing we the King who is coming to reign,
Glory to Jesus, the Lamb that was slain;
Life and salvation His empire shall bring,
Joy to the nations when Jesus is King.

Souls shall be saved from the presence of sin,
Doubt shall not darken His witness within,
Hell hath no terrors, and death hath no sting;
Love is victorious when Jesus is King.

All men shall dwell in His marvelous light,
Races long severed His love shall unite;
Justice and truth from His scepter shall spring,
Wrong shall be ended when Jesus is King.

All shall be glad in His kingdom of peace,
Freedom shall flourish and wisdom increase;
Foe shall be friend when His triumph we sing,
Sword shall be sickle when Jesus is King.

Kingdom of Christ, for Thy coming we pray,
Hasten, O Father, the dawn of the day,
When this new song Thy creation shall sing:
Satan is vanquished, for Jesus is King!

182 TO HIM THAT LOVED THE SOULS OF MEN

To him that loved the souls of men,
And washed us in his blood,
To royal honors raised our head,
And made us priests to God;

To him let ev'ry tongue be praise,
And ev'ry heart be love!
All grateful honors paid on earth,
And nobler songs above!

Behold on flying clouds he comes!
His saints shall bless the day;
While they that pierced him sadly mourn
In anguish and dismay.

I am the First, and I the Last;
Time centers all in me;
Th'Almighty God, who was, and is,
And evermore shall be.

183 THE CROWNING DAY

Our Lord is now rejected
And by the world disowned:
By the many still neglected,
And by the few enthroned;
But soon He'll come in glory!
The hour is hour is drawing nigh,
For the crowning day is coming by and by.

Refrain:
O the crowning day is coming,
Is coming by and by,
When our Lord shall come in power
And glory from on high!
O the glorious sight will gladden
Each waiting, watchful eye,
In the crowning day that's coming by and by.

The heav'ns shall glow with splendor;
But brighter far than they,
The saints shall shine in glory,
As Christ shall them array:
The beauty of the Saviour
Shall dazzle dazzle ev'ry eye
In the crowning day that's coming by and by.

Our pain shall then be over;
We'll sin and sigh no more;
Behind us all of sorrow,
And naught but joy before-
A joy in our Redeemer,
As we to we to Him are nigh
In the crowning day that's coming by and by.

Let all that look for hasten
The joyful coming day
By earnest consecration,
To walk the narrow way;
By gath'ring in the lost ones
For whom our whom our Lord did die,
For the crowning day that's coming by and by.

184 COME, THOU LONG-EXPECTED JESUS

Come, Thou long expected Jesus,
Born to set Thy people free;
From our fears and sins release us,
Let us find our rest in Thee.
Israel's strength and consolation,
Hope of all the earth Thou art;
Dear desire of ev'ry nation,
Joy of ev'ry longing heart.

Born Thy people to deliver,
Born a child, and yet a King;
Born to reign in us forever,
Now Thy gracious kingdom bring.
By Thine own eternal Spirit
Rule in all our hearts alone;
By Thine all-sufficient merit
Raise us to Thy glorious throne.

185 HAIL TO THE LORD'S ANOINTED

Hail to the Lord's Anointed,
Great David's greater Son!
Hail, in the time appointed
His reign on earth begun!
He comes to break oppression,
To set the captive free,
To take away transgression,
And rule in equity.

He shall come down like showers
Upon the fruitful earth,
And love, joy, hope, like flowers,
Spring in His path to birth.
Before Him on the mountains
Shall peace, the herald, go;
And righteousness, in fountains,
From hill to valley flow.

Kings shall fall down before Him,
And gold and incense bring;
All nations shall adore Him,
His praise all people sing;
To Him shall prayer unceasing,
And daily vows ascend;
His Kingdom still increasing,
A Kingdom without end.

He comes with succor speedy
To those who suffer wrong,
To help the poor and needy,
And bid the weak be strong,
To give them songs for sighing,
Their darkness turn to light,
Whose souls, condemned and dying,
Were precious in His sight.

O'er ev'ry foe victorious,
He on His throne shall rest;
From age to age more glorious,
All blessing and allblest:
The tide of time shall never
His covenant remove;
His Name shall stand forever,
His changeless Name of Love.

186 JESUS IS COMING!

Jesus is coming! Sing the glad word!
Coming for those He redeemed by His blood,
Coming to reign as the glorified Lord!
Jesus is coming again!

Refrain:
Jesus is coming, is coming again!
Jesus is coming again!
Shout the glad tidings o'er mountain and plain!
Jesus is coming again!

Jesus is coming! the dead shall arise;
Loved ones shall meet in a joyful surprise,
Caught up together to Him in the skies,
Jesus is coming again!

Jesus is coming! His saints to release;
Coming to give to the warring earth peace;
Sinning, and sighing, and sorrow shall cease:
Jesus is coming again!

Jesus is coming! the promise is true;
Who are the chosen, the faithful, the few,
Waiting and watching, prepared for review?
Jesus is coming again!

187 CHRIST RETURNETH

It may be at morn, when the day is awaking,
When sunlight thro' darkness and shadow is breaking,
That Jesus will come in the fullness of glory,
To receive from the world "His own."

Refrain:
O Lord Jesus, how long, how long
Ere we shout the glad song?
Christ returneth!
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Amen!
Hallelujah! Amen!

It may be at midday, it may be at twilight,
It may be, perchance, that the blackness of midnight
Will burst into light in the blaze of His glory,
When Jesus receives "His own."

While hosts cry, Hosanna, from heaven descending,
With glorified saints, and the angels attending,
With grace on His brow, like a halo of glory,
Will Jesus receive "His own."

O joy! O delight! should we go without dying!
No sickness, no sadness, no dread, and no crying;
Caught up thro' the clouds with our Lord into glory,
When Jesus receives "His own."

188 LO! HE COMES

Lo! He comes with clouds descending,
Once for favored sinners slain;
Thousand thousand saints attending
Swell the triumph of His train:
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
God appears on earth to reign,
God appears on earth to reign.

Ev'ry eye shall now behold Him
Robed in dreadful majesty;
Those who set at naught and sold Him,
Pierced and nailed Him to the tree,
Deeply wailing, Deeply wailing,
Shall the true Messiah see,
Shall the true Messiah see.

Now redemption, long expected,
See in solemn pomp appear!
All His saints, by man rejected,
Now shall meet Him in the air:
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
See the day of God appear,
See the day of God appear!

Yea, Amen! let all adore Thee,
High on Thine eternal throne!
Saviour, take the pow'r and glory;
Claim the kingdom for Thine own:
O come quickly! O come quickly!
Hallelujah! Come, Lord, come!
Hallelujah! Come, Lord, come!

189 WHEN THE ROLL IS CALLED UP YONDER

When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound,
and time shall be no more,
And the morning breaks, eternal, bright, and fair;
When the saved of earth shall gather over on the other shore,
And the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there.

Refrain:
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is called up yonder I'll be there.

On that bright and cloudless morning when the dead in Christ shall rise,
And the glory of His resurrection share;
When His chosen ones shall gather to their home beyond the skies,
And the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there.

Let us labor for the Master from the dawn till setting sun,
Let us talk of all His wondrous love and care;
Then, when all of life is over, and our work on earth is done,
And the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there.

190 THERE'S AN HOUR WHICH NO MAN KNOWETH

There's an hour which no man knoweth,
Nor the angels round the throne,
When the Lord shall come in glory from the sky;
All the saints shall rise to meet Him,
For He calleth for His own;
They shall hear the trumpet sounding by and by.

What a blessed transformation!
In the twinkling of an eye,
When the mortal shall immortal life put on;
Those who love Him shall be like Him
When He cometh from on high,
At the noontide, at the midnight, or at dawn.

Though our sins have been as scarlet,
Let us seek the streams that flow
From the Cross that rose on Calv'ry's rugged height:
He is able still to keep us,
And present us white as snow,
When He comes again in clouds of dazzling light.

191 REJOICE! REJOICE, BELIEVERS

Rejoice! Rejoice, believers,
And let your lights appear;
The evening is advancing
And darker night is near.
The Bridegroom is arising,
And soon He will draw nigh;
Up, watch with expectation:
At midnight comes the cry.

See that your lamps are burning,
Replenish them with oil;
Look now for your salvation,
The end of sin and toil.
The marriage feast is waiting,
The gates wide open stand;
Arise, O heirs of glory,
The Bride groom is at hand!

Our hope and expectation,
O Jesus, now appear;
Arise, Thou sun so longed for,
Above this shadowed sphere!
With hearts and hands uplifted,
We plead, O Lord, to see
The day of earth's redemption,
And ever be with Thee!

192 HE IS COMING AGAIN

Lift up your heads, pilgrims aweary,
See day's approach now crimson the sky;
Night shadows flee, and your Beloved,
Awaited with longing, at last draweth nigh.

Refrain:
He is coming again, He is coming again,
The very same Jesus, rejected of men;
He is coming again, He is coming again,
With pow'r and great glory, He is coming again!

Dark was the night, sin warred against us;
Heavy the load of sorrow we bore;
But now we see signs of His coming;
Our hearts glow within us, joy's cup runneth o'er!

O blessed hope! O blissful promise!
Filling our hearts with rapture divine;
O day of days! hail Thy appearing!
Thy transcendent glory forever shall shine!

Even so come, precious Lord Jesus;
Creation waits redemption to see;
Caught up in clouds, soon we shall meet Thee;
O blessed assurance, forever with Thee!

193 SPIRIT OF GOD, DESCEND UPON MY HEART

Spirit of God, descend upon my heart;
Wean it from earth, through all its pulses move;
Stoop to my weakness, mighty as Thou art,
And make me love Thee as I ought to love.

I ask no dream, no prophet ecstasies,
No sudden rending of the veil of clay,
No angel visitant, no opening skies;
But take the dimness of my soul away.

Hast Thou not bid us love Thee, God and King?
All, all Thine own, soul, heart and strength and mind.
I see Thy cross- there teach my heart to cling:
O let me seek Thee, and O let me find.

Teach me to feel that Thou art always nigh;
Teach me the struggles of the soul to bear,
To check the rising doubt, the rebel sigh;
Teach me the patience of unanswered prayer.

Teach me to love Thee as Thine angels love,
One holy passion filling all my frame;
The baptism of the heav'ndescended Dove,
My heart an altar, and Thy love the flame.

194 THE COMFORTER HAS COME

O spread the tidings 'round, wherever man is found,
Wherever human hearts and human woes abound;
Let ev'ry Christian tongue proclaim the joyful sound:
The Comforter has come!

Refrain:
The Comforter has come, the Comforter has come!
The Holy Ghost from heav'n, The Father's promise giv'n;
O spread the tidings 'round, wherever man is found-
The Comforter has come!

The long, long night is past, the morning breaks at last;
And hushed the dreadful wail and fury of the blast,
As o'er the golden hills the day advances fast:
The Comforter has come!

The mighty King of kings, with healing in His wings,
To ev'ry captive soul a full deliv'rance brings;
And thro' the vacant cells the song of triumph rings:
The Comforter has come!

O boundless Love divine! how shall this tongue of mine
To wond'ring mortals tell the matchless grace divine
That I may with Him dwell, and in His image shine?
The Comforter has come!

Sing, till the echoes fly above the vaulted sky,
And all the saints above to all below reply,
In strains of endless love, the song that ne'er will die:
The Comforter has come!

195 HE ABIDES

I'm rejoicing night and day
As I walk the pilgrim way,
For the hand of God in all my life I see;
And the reason of my bliss,
Yes, the secret all is this:
That the Comforter abides with me.

Refrain:
He abides, He abides,
Hallelujah, He abides with me!
I'm rejoicing night and day,
As I walk the narrow way,
For the Comforter abides with me.

Once my heart was full of sin,
Once I had no peace within,
Till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree;
Then I fell down at His feet,
And there came a peace so sweet;
Now the Comforter abides with me.

He is with me ev'rywhere,
And He knows my ev'ry care,
I'm as happy as a bird and just as free;
For the Spirit has control,
Jesus satisfies my soul,
Since the Comforter abides with me.

There's no thirsting for the things
Of the world- they've taken wings;
Long ago I gave them up, and instantly
All my night was turned to day,
All my burdens rolled away,
Now the Comforter abides with me.

196 OUR BLEST REDEEMER

Our blest Redeemer, ere He breathed
His tender last farewell,
A Guide, a Comforter, bequeathed
With us to dwell.

He came in semblance of a dove,
With shelt'ring wings outspread,
The holy balm of peace and love
On earth to shed.

He came in tongues of living flame,
To teach, convince, subdue;
All-pow'rful as the wind He came,
As viewless too.

He came sweet influ'nce to impart,
A gracious willing guest,
While He can find one humble heart
Wherein to rest.

And His that gentle voice we hear,
Soft as the breath of ev'n,
That checks each fault, that calms each fear,
And speaks of heav'n.

And ev'ry virtue we possess,
And ev'ry conquest won,
And ev'ry thought of holiness,
Are His alone.

Spirit of purity and grace,
Our weakness, pitying, see:
O make our hearts Thy dwelling-place,
And worthier Thee.

197 BREATHE UPON US, LORD, FROM HEAVEN

Breathe upon us, Lord, from heaven;
Fill us with the Holy Ghost;
Promise of the Father given,
Send us now a Pentecost.

Refrain:
Breathe upon us, breathe upon us;
With Thy love our hearts inspire;
Breathe upon us, breathe upon us;
Lord, baptize us now with fire.

While the Spirit hovers o'er us,
Open all our hearts, we pray;
To Thine image, Lord, restore us;
Witness in our souls today.

From all sin grant us exemption,
Wash us in the cleansing flood;
Let us know the full redemption
Purchased for us by the blood.

Lift us, Lord, O lift us higher;
From the carnal mind set free;
Fill us with refining fire;
Give us perfect liberty.

198 HOLY SPIRIT, LEAD US NOW

Holy Spirit, lead us now
Boldly to the throne of grace;
While our heads in prayer we bow,
Let Thy presence fill this place;
Holy Spirit, Heav'nly Guide,
Lead us to the Crucified!

This is now our time of need,
This is now the day of grace;
Now our souls with manna feed,
Ere we leave this sacred place:
Holy Spirit, Heav'nly Dove,
Lead us to the feast of love!

At the blessed mercy seat,
Peace and joy are freely giv'n;
While we wait at Jesus' feet,
Make this place the gate of heav'n;
Holy Spirit, Heav'nly Friend,
Now upon our hearts descend!

Weak and sinful though we be,
Jesus' blood can cleanse from sin;
At the Fountain full and free,
Wash and make us pure within:
Holy Spirit, Cleansing Fire,
Burn up ev'ry base desire

199 THY SPIRIT'S MIGHT

Lord, fill us with Thy Spirit's might,
That we may live as in Thy sight,
And teach us how to pray aright;
We ask in Jesus' name.

Lord, cleanse our hearts from ev'ry sin,
And let Thy love so dwell within
That Thou canst use our lips to win
Some soul for Jesus' name.

As we for others intercede,
Lord, let Thy pow'r be felt indeed,
And some from Satan's grasp be freed;
We ask in Jesus' name.

On all Thy children lay Thy hand,
That each may live as Thou hast planned,
To serve in home or foreign land;
We ask in Jesus' name.

The prayers that we have offered,
Lord, In faith, according to Thy Word,
We thank Thee, Father, Thou hast heard,
And praise in Jesus' name.

200 COME, HOLY GHOST, OUR HEARTS INSPIRE

Come, Holy Ghost, our hearts inspire,
Let us Thine influence prove,
Source of the old prophetic fire,
Fountain of light and love.

Come, Holy Ghost, for moved by Thee
The prophets wrote and spoke;
Unlock the truth, Thyself the key,
Unseal the sacred Book.

Expand Thy wings, celestial Dove,
Brood o'er our nature's night;
On our disordered spirits move,
And let there now be light.

God, thro' Himself, we then shall know,
If Thou within us shine,
And sound, with all Thy saints below,
The depths of love divine.

201 SEND THE FIRE!

Thou Christ of burning, cleansing flame,
Send the fire! Send the fire!
Thy bloodbought gift today we claim,
Send the fire! Send the fire!
Look down and see this waiting host;
Give us the promised Holy Ghost;
We want another Pentecost;
Send the fire! Send the fire!

God of Elijah, hear our cry!
Send the fire! Send the fire!
O make us fit to live or die!
Send the fire! Send the fire!
To burn up ev'ry trace of sin,
To bring the light and glory in,
The revolution now begin,
Send the fire! Send the fire!

'Tis fire we want, for fire we plead:
Send the fire! Send the fire!
The fire will meet our ev'ry need,
Send the fire! Send the fire!
For strength to ever do the right,
For grace to conquer in the fight,
For pow'r to walk the world in white,
Send the fire! Send the fire!

To make our weak heart strong and brave,
Send the fire! Send the fire!
To live a dying world to save,
Send the fire! Send the fire!
O see us on Thy altar lay
Our lives, our all, for Thee this day;
To crown the off'ring now, we pray,
Send the fire! Send the fire!

202 BREATHE ON ME, BREATH OF GOD

Breathe on me, Breath of God;
Fill me with life anew,
That I may love what Thou dost love,
And do what Thou wouldst do.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Until my heart is pure,
Until my will is one with Thine
To do and to endure.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Till I am wholly Thine,
Until this earthly part of me
Glows with Thy fire divine.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
So shall I never die,
But live with Thee the perfect life
Of Thine eternity.

203 THE HOLY GHOST IS HERE

The Holy Ghost is here
Where saints in prayer agree;
As Jesus' parting gift, He's near
Each pleading company.

Not far away is He,
To be by prayer brought nigh,
But here in present majesty,
As in His courts on high.

He dwells within our soul,
An ever welcome Guest;
He reigns with absolute control,
As Monarch in the breast.

Our bodies are His shrine,
And He the'indwelling Lord;
All hail, Thou Comforter divine,
Be evermore adored!

Obedient to Thy will,
We wait to feel Thy power;
O Lord of life, our hope fulfill
And bless this hallowed hour.

204 COME, THOU EVERLASTING SPIRIT

Come, Thou everlasting Spirit,
Bring to ev'ry thankful mind
All the Saviour's dying merit,
All His suff'rings for mankind;
True Recorder of His passion,
Now the living faith impart;
Now reveal His great salvation
Unto ev'ry faithful heart.

Come, Thou Witness of His dying;
Come, Remembrancer Divine;
Let us feel Thy pow'r applying
Christ to ev'ry soul and mine;
Let us groan Thine inward groaning,
Look on Him we pierced, and grieve;
All partake the grace atoning-
All the sprinkled blood receive.

Yes, in me, in me He dwelleth:
I in Him, and He in me!
And my empty soul He filleth,
Here and thro' eternity.
Such the joyous song of morning,
Such the banquet song of ev'n,
Thus I wait for His returning,
Singing all the way to heav'n.

205 THY HOLY SPIRIT, LORD, ALONE

Thy Holy Spirit, Lord, alone
Can turn our hearts from sin;
His pow'r alone can sanctify
And keep us pure within.

Refrain (1-3):
O Spirit of Faith and Love,
Come in our midst, we pray,
And purify each waiting heart;
Baptize us with pow'r today.

Thy Holy Spirit, Lord, alone
Can deeper love inspire;
His pow'r alone within our souls
Can light the sacred fire.

Thy Holy Spirit, Lord, can bring
The gifts we seek in prayer,
His voice can words of comfort speak
And still each wave of care.

Thy Holy Spirit, Lord, can give
The grace we need this hour;
And while we wait, O Spirit, come
In sanctifying pow'r.

Refrain (4):
O Spirit of Love, descend,
Come in our midst, we pray,
And like a rushing, mighty wind
Sweep over our souls today.

206 SPIRIT OF FAITH, COME DOWN

Spirit of faith, come down,
Reveal the things of God;
Make to us the Godhead known,
And witness with the blood.
Thou dost the blood apply,
And give us eyes to see
That He Who did for sinners die
Hath surely died for me.

No man can truly say
That Jesus is the Lord,
Lest Thou take the veil away,
And breathe the living Word;
Then, only then, we feel
Our int'rest in His blood,
And cry, with joy unspeakable:
"Thou art my Lord, my God!"

O that the world might know
The all-atoning Lamb!
Spirit of faith, descend and show
The virtue of His Name;
The grace which all may find,
The saving pow'r impart;
And testify to all mankind,
And speak in ev'ry heart.

207 ETERNAL SPIRIT! PRAISE WE BRING

Eternal Spirit! Praise we bring-
The wonders of Thy grace to sing;
Thy pow'r conveys our blessings down
From God the Father and the Son.

Enlightened by Thy heav'nly ray,
Our shades and darkness turn to day;
Thine inward teachings make us view
Our danger and our refuge, too.

Thy pow'r and glory work within,
And break the chains of reigning sin;
Do our imperious lusts subdue,
And form our wretched hearts anew.

The troubled conscience knows Thy voice,
Thy cheering words our hearts rejoice;
At Thy blest Word life's storms are calm,
And troubled minds find heav'nly balm.

208 FOR THY GIFT OF GOD THE SPIRIT

For Thy Gift of God the Spirit,
With us, in us, e'er to be,
Pledge of life and Hope of glory,
Saviour, we would worship Thee.

He who in Creation's dawning,
Brooded o'er the pathless deep,
Still across our nature's darkness
Moves to wake our souls from sleep.

Moves to stir, to draw, to quicken;
Thrusts us thro' with sense of sin;
Then, Himself, the Pledge,
He seals us- Saving Advocate within.

He, the mighty God, indwells us:
His to strengthen, help, empow'r;
His to overcome the Tempter-
Ours to call in danger's hour.

He it is, the Living Author,
Wakes to life the sacred Word;
Reads with us its holy pages,
And reveals our risen Lord.

He it is who works within us,
Teaching rebel hearts to pray;
He whose holy intercessions
Rise for us both night and day.

209 COME, HOLY GHOST, OUR GOD AND LORD

Come, Holy Ghost, our God and Lord!
Be all Thy graces now outpoured
On each believer's mind and heart;
Thy fervent love to them impart.

Thou holy Light, our Guide Divine,
Oh, cause the Word of Life to shine!
Teach us to know our God aright
And call Him Father with delight.

From ev'ry error keep us free;
Let none but Christ our Master be
That we in living faith abide,
In Him with all our might confide.

Thou holy Fire, our Comfort true,
Grant us the will Thy work to do,
And in Thy service to abide;
Let trials turn us not aside.

Lord, by Thy pow'r prepare each heart
And to our weakness strength impart,
That bravely here we may contend,
Till we, through death, to Thee ascend.

210 SPIRIT OF THE LIVING GOD

Spirit of the living God,
fall fresh on me;
Spirit of the living God,
fall fresh on me.
Melt me, mold me, fill me, use me.
Spirit of the living God,
fall fresh on me.

211 COME, HOLY SPIRIT, HEAVENLY DOVE

Come, Holy Spirit, heav'nly Dove,
With all Thy quick'ning pow'rs;
Kindle a flame of sacred love
In these cold hearts of ours.

In vain we tune our formal songs,
In vain we strive to rise;
Hosannas languish on our tongues,
And our devotion dies.

Dear Lord, and shall we ever live
At this poor dying rate?
Our love so faint, so cold to Thee,
And Thine to us so great!

Come, Holy Spirit, heav'nly Dove,
With all Thy quick'ning pow'rs;
Come, shed abroad a Saviour's love,
And that shall kindle ours.

212 HOLY GHOST, WITH LIGHT DIVINE

Holy Ghost, with light divine
Shine upon this heart of mine;
Chase the shades of night away,
Turn my darkness into day.

Holy Ghost, with pow'r divine
Cleanse this guilty heart of mine;
Long hath sin, without control,
Held dominion o'er my soul.

Holy Ghost, with joy divine
Cheer this sadd'ned heart of mine;
Bid my many woes depart,
Heal my wounded, bleeding heart.

Holy Spirit, all divine,
Dwell within this heart of mine;
Cast down ev'ry idol throne,
Reign supreme, and reign alone.

213 O WORD OF GOD INCARNATE

O Word of God incarnate,
O Wisdom from on high,
O Truth unchanged, unchanging,
O Light of our dark sky:
We praise Thee for the radiance
That from the hallowed page,
A lantern to our footsteps,
Shines on from age to age.

The Church from her dear Master
Received the gift divine,
And still that light she lifteth
O'er all the earth to shine.
It is the golden casket
Where gems of truth are stored;
It is the heav'n-drawn picture
Of Christ, the living Word.

It floateth like a banner
Before God's host unfurled;
It shineth like a beacon
Above the darkling world.
It is the chart and compass
That o'er life's surging sea,
'Mid mists and rocks and quicksands,
Still guides, O Christ, to Thee.

O make Thy Church, dear Saviour,
A lamp of purest gold,
To bear before the nations
Thy true light, as of old.
O teach thy wand'ring pilgrims
By this their path to trace,
Till, clouds and darkness ended,
They see Thee face to face.

214 STANDING ON THE PROMISES

Standing on the promises of Christ my King,
Thro' eternal ages let His praises ring:
Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing,
Standing on the promises of God.

Refrain:
Standing, Standing,
Standing on the promises of God my Saviour,
Standing, standing,
I'm standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises that cannot fail,
When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,
By the living Word of God I shall prevail,
Standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises I now can see Perfect,
present cleansing in the blood for me;
Standing in the liberty where Christ makes free,
Standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,
Bound to Him eternally by love's strong cord,
Overcoming daily with the Spirit's sword,
Standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises I cannot fall,
List'ning ev'ry moment to the Spirit's call,
Resting in my Saviour as my all in all,
Standing on the promises of God.

215 COME, O THOU PROPHET OF THE LORD

Come, O Thou prophet of the Lord,
Thou great interpreter divine,
Explain Thine own transmitted Word,
To teach and to inspire is Thine;
Thou only canst Thyself reveal,
Open the book and loose the seal.

Whate'er the ancient prophets spoke
Concerning Thee, O Christ, make known;
Chief subject of the sacred book,
Thou fillest all, and Thou alone;
Yet there our Lord we cannot see
Unless Thy Spirit lend the key.

Now, Jesus, now the veil remove,
The folly of our darkened heart;
Unfold the wonders of Thy love,
The knowledge of Thyself impart:
Our ear, our inmost soul, we bow,
Speak, Lord, Thy servants hearken now.

216 WONDERFUL WORDS OF LIFE

On that same night, Lord Jesus,
In which Thou wast betrayed,
When without cause man's hatred
Against Thee was displayed,
We hear Thy gracious accents:
This do; remember Me;
With joyful hearts responding
We would remember Thee.

We think of all the darkness
Which round Thy spirit pressed,
Of all those waves and billows
Which rolled across Thy breast;
'Tis there Thy grace unbounded
And perfect love we see;
With joy and yet with sorrow
We do remember Thee.

We know Thee now as risen,
The Firstborn from the dead;
We see Thee now ascended,
The Church's glorious Head:
In Thee by grace accepted,
With heart and mind set free,
We think of all Thy sorrow,
And thus remember Thee.

Till Thou shalt come in glory
And call us hence away,
To share with Thee the brightness
Of that unclouded day,
We show Thy death, Lord Jesus,
And here would seek to be
More to that death conformed
Whilst we remember Thee.

217 BREAK THOU THE BREAD OF LIFE

Break Thou the Bread of Life, Dear Lord, to me,
As Thou didst break the bread Beside the sea.
Beyond the sacred page I seek Thee, Lord;
My spirit pants for Thee, O living Word.

Thou art the Bread of Life, O Lord, to me;
Thy holy Word the truth That saveth me.
Give me to eat and live With Thee above,
Teach me to love Thy truth, For Thou art love.

O send Thy Spirit, Lord, Now unto me,
That He may touch my eyes, And make me see.
Show me the truth concealed Within Thy Word,
That in Thy Book revealed I see Thee, Lord.

Bless Thou the Bread of Life To me, to me,
As Thou didst bless the loaves By Galilee;
Then shall all bondage cease, All fetters fall;
And I shall find my peace, My All in all.

218 HOLY BIBLE, BOOK DIVINE

Holy Bible, Book divine,
Precious treasure, thou art mine:
Mine to tell me whence I came,
Mine to teach me what I am;

Mine to chide me when I rove,
Mine to show a Saviour's love;
Mine thou art to guide and guard,
Mine to punish or reward;

Mine to comfort in distress,
Suff'ring in this wilderness;
Mine to show, by living faith
Man can triumph over death;

Mine to tell of joys to come
And the rebel sinner's doom:
O thou holy Book divine,
Precious treasure, thou art mine.

219 BLEST BE THE TIE THAT BINDS

Blest be the tie that binds
Our hearts in Christian love;
The fellowship of kindred minds
Is like to that above.

Before our Father's throne
We pour our ardent prayers;
Our fears, our hopes, our aims are one,
Our comforts and our cares.

We share our mutual woes,
Our mutual burdens bear;
And often for each other flows
The sympathizing tear.

When for a while we part,
This thought will soothe our pain,
That we shall still be joined in heart,
And hope to meet again.

This glorious hope revives
Our courage by the way,
While each in expectation lives,
And longs to see the day.

From sorrow, toil, and pain,
And sin we shall be free;
And perfect love and friendship reign
Thro' all eternity.

220 GLORIOUS THINGS OF THEE ARE SPOKEN

Glorious things of thee are spoken,
Zion, city of our God!
He, whose Word cannot be broken,
Formed thee for His own abode.
On the Rock of Ages founded,
What can shake thy sure repose?
With salvation's walls surrounded,
Thou may'st smile at all thy foes.

See! the streams of living waters,
Springing from eternal love,
Well supply thy sons and daughters,
And all fear of want remove:
Who can faint while such a river
Ever flows their thirst to assuage-
Grace which, like the Lord, the Giver,
Never fails from age to age?

Round each habitation hov'ring,
See! the cloud and fire appear
For a glory and a cov'ring,
Showing that the Lord is near:
Blest inhabitants of Zion,
Washed in the Redeemer's blood-
Jesus, whom their souls rely on,
Makes them kings and priests to God.

Saviour, if of Zion's city
I thro' grace a member am,
Let the world deride or pity,
I will glory in Thy Name:
Fading is the worldling's pleasure,
All his boasted pomp and show;
Solid joys and lasting treasure
None but Zion's children know.

221 THE CHURCH'S ONE FOUNDATION

The church's one Foundation
Is Jesus Christ her Lord;
She is His new creation
By water and the Word;
From heav'n He came and sought her
To be His holy bride;
With His own blood He bought her,
And for her life He died.

Elect from ev'ry nation,
Yet one o'er all the earth;
Her charter of salvation-
One Lord, one faith, one birth;
One holy Name she blesses,
Partakes one holy food;
And to one hope she presses,
With ev'ry grace endued.

Tho' with a scornful wonder
Men see her sore oppressed,
By schisms schisms rent asunder,
By heresies distressed,
Yet saints their watch are keeping,
Their cry goes up, "How long?"
And soon the night of weeping
Shall be the morn of song.

'Mid toil and tribulation,
And tumult of her war,
She waits the consummation
Of peace for evermore;
Till with the vision glorious
Her longing eyes are blest,
And the great church victorious
Shall be the church at rest.

Yet she on earth hath union
With God the Three in One,
And mystic sweet communion
With those whose rest is won.
O happy ones and holy!
Lord, give us grace that we,
Like them, the meek and lowly,
On high may dwell with Thee!

The church shall never perish!
Her dear Lord, to defend,
To guide, sustain and cherish,
Is with her to the end;
Tho' there be those that hate her,
And false sons in her pale,
Against the foe or traitor
She ever shall prevail.

222 CHURCH OF GOD, BELOVED AND CHOSEN

Church of God, beloved and chosen,
Church of Christ, for whom He died,
Claim thy gifts and praise thy Giver,
Ye are washed and sanctified.
Sanctified by God the Father,
And by Jesus Christ His Son,
And by God the Holy Spirit,
Holy, Holy Three in One.

By His will He sanctifieth,
By the Spirit's pow'r within;
By the loving hand that chast'neth,
Fruits of righteousness to win;
By His truth and by His promise,
By the Word, His gift unpriced,
By His blood and by our union
With the risen life of Christ.

Holiness by faith in Jesus,
Not by effort of thine own;
Sin's dominion crushed and broken
By the pow'r of grace alone;
God's own holiness within thee,
His own beauty on thy brow-
This shall be thy pilgrim brightness,
This thy blessed portion now.

He will sanctify thee wholly;
Body, spirit, soul shall be
Blameless till thy Saviour's coming
In His glorious majesty!
He hath perfected forever
Those whom He hath sanctified;
Spotless, glorious and holy
Is the Church, His chosen bride.

223 COME, WE THAT LOVE THE LORD

Come, we that love the Lord,
And let our joys be known;
Join in a song with sweet accord,
And thus surround the throne.

Let those refuse to sing
Who never knew our God;
But children of the heav'nly King
May speak their joys abroad.

The hill of Zion yields
A thousand sacred sweets
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Or walk the golden streets.

Then let our songs abound,
And ev'ry tear be dry;
We're marching thro' Emmanuel's ground
To fairer worlds on high.

224 I LOVE THY KINGDOM LORD

I love Thy kingdom,
The house of Thine abode
The Church our blest Redeemer saved
With His own precious blood.

I love Thy Church, O God!
Her walls before Thee stand,
Dear as the apple of Thine eye,
And graven on Thy hand.

For her my tears shall fall;
For her my prayers ascend;
To her my cares and toils be given,
Till toils and cares shall end.

Beyond my highest joy
I prize her heav'nly ways,
Her sweet communion, solemn vows,
Her hymns of love and praise.

Sure as Thy trust shall last,
To Zion shall be giv'n
The brightest glories earth can yield,
And brighter bliss of heav'n.

225 THE LIVING STONE

On Christ, salvation rests secure;
The Rock of Ages must endure;
Nor can that faith be overthrown
Which rests upon the "Living Stone."

No other hope shall intervene;
To Him we look, on Him we lean;
Other founda tions we disown,
And build on Christ, the "Living Stone."

In Him it is ordained to raise
A temple to Jehovah's praise,
Composed of all His saints,
who own No Saviour but the "Living Stone."

View the vast building, see it rise:
The work how great! the plan how wise!
O wondrous fabric! pow'r unknown:
That rests it on the "Living Stone."

But most adore His precious name:
His glory and His grace proclaim!
For us, the lost, condemned, undone,
He gave Himself, the "Living Stone."

226 CALLED UNTO HOLINESS

Called unto holiness, church of our God,
Purchase of Jesus, redeemed by His blood,
Called from the world and its idols to flee,
Called from the bondage of sin to be free.

Called unto holiness; praise His dear Name!
This blessed secret to faith now made plain:
Not our own righteousness, but Christ within,
Living and reigning and saving from sin.

Called unto holiness, children of light,
Walking with Jesus in garments of white;
Raiment unsullied, nor tarnished with sin,
God's Holy Spirit abiding within.

Called unto holiness, Bride of the Lamb,
Waiting the Bridegroom's returning again;
Lift up your heads, for the day draweth near
When in His beauty the King shall appear.

227 O GREAT GOD OF HEAVEN

O great God of heaven,
Father, Spirit, Son,
As we come before Thee,
Make our hearts as one.
Let us feel Thy presence,
Despite unworthiness;
Come, O Truth of Ages,
And Thy people bless.

228 COMMUNION HYMN

Thy body, blessed Jesus,
Was broken for our sin;
Thy blood divine in payment
Thou didst outpour for men;
And tho' these sacred symbols
No saving grace afford,
By them we now remember
Thy saving death, O Lord.

We bow in preparation,
For sin we search our hearts,
Forsaking each transgression,
As God His light imparts;
We take the cup in rev'rence,
And new commitment make,
To cast out ev'ry idol,
And live for Jesus' sake.

God's Son was slain by sinners-
We tremble at the thought!
But e'en for those who slew Him
Forgiving prayer was wrought.
Such grace! We view and marvel,
Rejoicing o'er and o'er,
That there, tho' sin abounded,
His grace abounded more.

And now our Lord is risen,
Ascend ed now on high,
Yet from His throne exalted,
He hears the sinner's cry;
He comes before the Father,
New mercies now to plead;
His infin ite atonement
Shall ever intercede.

Rejoice, our Bridegroom cometh!
O Christian, haste the day
When He appears in splendor
To catch His bride a way!
We'll sit at Jesus' table,
Behold His face, so fair,
And with our King in glory,
This feast anew we'll share.

229 ON THAT SAME NIGHT, LORD JESUS

On that same night, Lord Jesus,
In which Thou wast betrayed,
When without cause man's hatred
Against Thee was displayed,
We hear Thy gracious accents:
This do; remember Me;
With joyful hearts responding
We would remember Thee.

We think of all the darkness
Which round Thy spirit pressed,
Of all those waves and billows
Which rolled across Thy breast;
'Tis there Thy grace unbounded
And perfect love we see;
With joy and yet with sorrow
We do remember Thee.

We know Thee now as risen,
The Firstborn from the dead;
We see Thee now ascended,
The Church's glorious Head:
In Thee by grace accepted,
With heart and mind set free,
We think of all Thy sorrow,
And thus remember Thee.

Till Thou shalt come in glory
And call us hence away,
To share with Thee the brightness
Of that unclouded day,
We show Thy death, Lord Jesus,
And here would seek to be
More to that death conformed
Whilst we remember Thee.

230 AMIDST US OUR BELOVED STANDS

Amidst us our Beloved stands,
And bids us view His pierced hands:
Points to His wounded feet and side,
Blest emblems of the Crucified.

What food luxurious loads the board,
When at His table sits the Lord!
The wine how rich, the bread how sweet,
When Jesus deigns the guests to meet!

If now, with eyes defiled and dim,
We see the signs, but see not Him,
O may His love the scales displace,
And bid us see Him face to face!

Our former transports we recount,
When with Him in the holy mount:
These cause our souls to thirst anew
His marred but lovely face to view.

Thou glorious Bridegroom of our hearts,
Thy present smile a heav'n imparts;
O lift the veil, if veil there be,
Let ev'ry saint Thy beauties see!

231 HERE, O MY LORD, I SEE THEE

Here, O my Lord, I see Thee face to face;
Here would I touch and handle things unseen,
Here grasp with firmer hand th'eternal grace,
And all my weariness upon Thee lean.

Here would I feed upon the bread of God,
Here drink with Thee the royal wine of heav'n;
Here would I lay aside each earthly load,
Here taste afresh the calm of sin forgiven.

Mine is the sin, but Thine the righteousness;
Mine is the guilt, but Thine the cleansing blood!
Here is my robe, my refuge and my peace-
Thy blood, Thy righteousness, O Lord my God.

Too soon we rise; the symbols disappear;
The feast, though not the love, is past and gone;
The bread and wine remove, but Thou art here,
Nearer than ever, still my Shield and Sun.

I have no help but Thine; nor do I need
Another arm save Thine to lean upon;
It is enough, my Lord, enough indeed;
My strength is in Thy might, Thy might alone.

Feast after feast thus comes and passes by,
Yet, passing, points to the glad feast above,
Giving sweet foretaste of the festal joy,
The Lamb's great bridal feast of bliss and love.

232 ACCORDING TO THY GRACIOUS WORD

According to Thy gracious Word,
In meek humility,
This will I do, my dying Lord,
I will remember Thee.

Thy body, broken for my sake,
My bread from heav'n shall be;
Thy testamental cup I take,
And thus remember Thee.

Gethsemane can I forget?
Or there Thy conflict see;
Thine agony and bloody sweat,
And not remember Thee?

When to the cross I turn my eyes,
And rest on Calvary,
O Lamb of God, my Sacrifice!
I must remember Thee.

Remember Thee, and all Thy pains,
And all Thy love to me:
Yea, while a breath, a pulse remains,
Will I remember Thee.

And when these failing lips grow dumb,
And mind and memory flee,
When Thou shalt in Thy kingdom come,
Then, Lord, remember me.

233 BY CHRIST REDEEMED, IN CHRIST RESTORED

By Christ redeemed, in Christ restored,
We keep the memory adored,
And show the death of our dear Lord
Until He come.

His body broken in our stead
Is seen in this memorial bread,
And so our feeble love is fed
Until He come.

The drops of His dread agony,
His life-blood shed for us, we see;
The wine shall tell the mystery
Until He come.

And thus that dark betrayal night
With the last advent we unite,
By one blest chain of loving rite,
Until He come.

Until the trump of God be heard,
Until the ancient graves be stirred,
And with the great commanding word
The Lord shall come.

O blessed hope! with this elate,
Let not our hearts be desolate,
But, strong in faith, in patience wait
Until He come.

234 FOR THE BREAD AND FOR THE WINE

For the bread and for the wine,
For the pledge that seals Him mine,
For the words of love divine,
We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

For the words that turn our eye
To the cross of Calvary,
Bidding us in faith draw nigh,
We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

For the words that tell of home,
Pointing us beyond the tomb,
"Do ye this, until I come!"
We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

Till He come we take the bread,
Type of Him on Whom we feed,
Him who liveth and was dead!
We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

Till He come we take the cup;
As we at His table sup,
Eye and heart are lifted up!
We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

For that coming, here foreshown,
For that day to man unknown,
For the glory and the throne,
We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

235 TO CALVARY, LORD IN SPIRIT NOW

To Calv'ry, Lord, in spirit now
Our weary souls repair,
To dwell upon Thy dying love,
And taste its sweetness there.

Sweet resting-place of ev'ry heart
That feels the plague of sin,
Yet knows that deep mysterious joy,
The peace of God within.

There through Thine hour of deepest woe,
Thy suffering spirit passed;
Grace there its wondrous vict'ry gained,
And love endured its last.

Dear suff'ring Lamb! Thy bleeding wounds,
With cords of love divine,
Have drawn our willing hearts to Thee,
And linked our life with Thine.

Our longing eyes would fain behold
That bright and blessed brow,
Once wrung with bitt'rest anguish, wear
Its crown of glory now.

Why linger then? Come, Saviour, come,
Responsive to our call;
Come, claim Thy ancient pow'r and reign,
The Heir and Lord of all.

236 THY BROKEN BODY, GRACIOUS LORD

Thy broken body, gracious Lord,
Is shadowed by this broken bread;
The wine which in this cup is poured,
Points to the blood which Thou hast shed.

And while we meet together thus,
We show that we are one in Thee;
The precious blood was shed for us,
Thy death, O Lord, has set us free.

Brethren in Thee, in union sweet,
For ever be Thy grace adored!
'Tis in Thy Name that now we meet,
And Thou art with us, gracious Lord.

We have one hope that Thou wilt come;
We long to see Thee in the air,
When Thou wilt take Thy people home,
And we shall ever reign with Thee.

237 SAVIOUR, WE REMEMBER THEE!

Saviour, we remember Thee!
Thy deep woe and agony,
All Thy suff'ring on the tree:
Saviour, we adore Thee.

Calvary! O Calvary!
Mercy's vast unfathomed sea,
Love, eternal love to me:
Saviour, we adore Thee.

Darkness hung around Thy head,
When for sin Thy blood was shed,
Victim in the sinner's stead:
Saviour, we adore Thee.

Jesus, Lord, Thou now art risen!
Thou hast all our sins forgiv'n;
Haste we to our home in heav'n:
Saviour, we adore Thee.

Soon with joyful, glad surprise
We shall hear Thy word:
Arise! Mounting upward to the skies:
Glory, glory, glory!

Saviour, we Thy love adore;
We will praise Thee more and more;
Spread Thy Name from shore to shore,
Saviour, we adore Thee!

238 HOW SWEET AND AWFUL IS THE PLACE

How sweet and awful is the place
With Christ within the doors,
While everlasting love displays
The choicest of her stores.

While all our hearts and all our songs
Join to admire the feast,
Each of us cries, with thankful tongues,
"Lord, why was I a guest?"

"Why was I made to hear Thy voice,
And enter while there's room,
When thousands make a wretched choice,
And rather starve than come?"

'Twas the same love that spread the feast
That sweetly forced us in;
Else we had still refused to taste,
And perished in our sin.

Pity the nations, O our God,
Constrain the earth to come;
Send Thy victorious word abroad,
And bring the strangers home.

We long to see Thy churches full,
That all the chosen race May,
with one voice and heart and soul,
Sing Thy redeeming grace.

239 BEHOLD THE LAMB OF GOD

The blood on Israel's altars shed
Could not for sin atone;
The bullocks, goats, and sheep that bled
Were but a type alone:
For God Himself must pay the price
Redeeming love to give;
His Son, Son, the Lamb of sacrifice
Must die, that we might live.

Refrain (1-2):
Behold the Lamb of God! On Calvary's altar slain.
Behold the Lamb of God! Who bore our guilt and pain.
His precious blood for us was shed;
For full atonement Christ hath bled.
Behold the Lamb of God!
Behold the Lamb of God!

As children wander from the path,
So stray our heart heart and mind;
Deserving God's eternal wrath,
No comfort we can find;
But from the hill of Calvary
There comes a loving cry:
"My wounds sufficient are for thee,
They plead for thee on high."

As dawns the bright eternal day
When earthly work work is done,
The bloodbought saints will join to say,
"Praise to to the Holy One!
The blood of God's own Lamb was shed
Our sinful souls to save;
O sing to our exalted Head,
Who triumphed o'er the grave:"

Refrain (3):
Behold the Lamb of God! On Calvary's altar slain.
For worthy is the Lamb For evermore to reign.
His precious blood for us was shed;
For full atonement Christ hath bled.
Behold the Lamb of God!
Behold the Lamb of God!

240 NOTHING BUT THE BLOOD

What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Refrain:
Oh! precious is the flow
That makes me white as snow;
No other fount I know,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

For my cleansing this I see-
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
For my pardon this my plea-
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Nothing can for sin atone-
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
Naught of good that I have done-
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

This is all my hope and peace-
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
This is all my righteousness-
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

242 I WILL PASS OVER YOU

When God of old the way of life
Would teach to all His own,
He placed them safe beyond the reach
Of death, by blood alone.

Refrain:
It is His Word, God's precious Word,
It stands for ever true:
"When I the Lord shall see the blood,
I will pass over you."

By Christ, the sinless Lamb of God,
The precious blood was shed,
When He fulfilled God's holy Word,
And suffered in our stead.

O soul, for thee salvation thus
By God is freely giv'n;
The blood of Christ atones for sin,
And makes us meet for heav'n.

The wrath of God that was our due,
Upon the Lamb was laid;
And by the shedding of His blood
The debt for us was paid.

How calm the judgment hour shall pass
To all who do obey
The Word of God, and trust the blood,
And make the Word their stay!

243 COME, THOU FOUNT OF EVERY BLESSING

Come, Thou Fount of ev'ry blessing,
Tune my heart to sing Thy grace;
Streams of mercy, never ceasing,
Call for songs of loudest praise.
Teach me some melodious sonnet,
Sung by flaming tongues above;
Praise the mount- I'm fixed upon it-
Mount of Thy redeeming love!

Here I raise mine Ebenezer,
Hither by Thy help I'm come,
And I hope, by Thy good pleasure,
Safely to arrive at home.
Jesus sought me when a stranger,
Wand'ring from the fold of God;
He, to rescue me from danger,
Interposed His precious blood.

O to grace how great a debtor
Daily I'm constrained to be!
Let Thy goodness like a fetter
Bind my wand'ring heart to Thee.
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it,
Prone to leave the God I love;
Here's my heart, O take and seal it,
Seal it for Thy courts above.

244 GOD LOVED THE WORLD

God loved the world of sinners lost
And ruined by the Fall;
Salvation full, at highest cost,
He offers free to all.

Refrain:
O it was love, 'twas wondrous love,
The love of God to me;
It brought my Saviour from above,
to die on Calvary.

E'en now by faith I claim Him mine,
The risen Son of God;
Redemption by His death I find,
And cleansing through the blood.

Love brings the glorious fulness in,
And to His saints makes known
The blessed rest from inbred sin,
Through faith in Christ alone.

Believing souls, rejoicing go!
There shall to you be giv'n
A glorious foretaste here below,
Of endless life in heav'n.

Of vict'ry now o'er Satan's pow'r
Let all the ransomed sing,
And triumph in the dying hour,
Through Christ the Lord, our King.

245 GRACE! 'TIS A CHARMING SOUND

Grace! 'tis a charming sound,
Harmonious to the ear;
Heav'n with the echo shall resound,
And all the earth shall hear.

Refrain:
Saved by grace alone! this is all my plea:
Jesus died for sinful men, and Jesus died for me.

Grace first contrived a way
To save rebellious man;
And all the steps that grace display,
Which drew the wondrous plan.

Grace first inscribed my name
In God's eternal book;
'Twas grace that gave me to the Lamb,
Who all my sorrows took.

Grace turned my wand'ring feet
To tread the heav'nly road;
And new supplies each hour I meet,
While pressing on to God.

Grace taught my soul to pray,
And made my eyes o'erflow;
'Tis grace has kept me to this day,
And will not let me go.

O let Thy grace inspire
My soul with strength divine!
May all my pow'rs to Thee aspire,
And all my days be Thine.

246 IN THE BEGINNING

"In the beginning was the Word,"
This is the gospel of our Lord;
Jesus the Christ, God's own dear Son,
Eternal uncreated One.
Came down to earth in form of man,
Fulfilling God's salvation plan,
To save us, to save us from our sin,
To save us, to save us from our sin.

With God from all eternity,
Dwelling in perfect unity;
His garments- robes of brightest light,
His Father's prime and pure delight,
He came in deep humility,
Assumed a full humanity,
To save us, to save us from our sin,
To save us, to save us from our sin.

The fulness of His grace bestows
What legal serving never knows;
Declares to us the unseen God,
Redeems us to Him by His blood.
The record of God's Word is plain,
"Behold the Lamb" for sinners slain,
Who saves us, Who saves us from our sin,
Who saves us, Who saves us from our sin.

247 AMAZING GRACE

Amazing grace! how sweet the sound,
That saved a wretch like me!
I once was lost, but now am found;
Was blind, but now I see.

'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved;
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed!

Thro' many dangers, toils and snares
I have already come;
'Tis grace has brought me safe thus far,
And grace will lead me home.

The Lord has promised good to me;
His Word my hope secures;
He will my Shield and Portion be,
As long as life endures.

The earth shall soon dissolve like snow;
The sun forbear to shine;
But God, who called me here below,
Will be forever mine.

When we've been there ten thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
We've no less days to sing God's praise
Than when we'd first begun.

248 GRACE GREATER THAN OUR SIN

Marvelous grace of our loving Lord,
Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt,
Yonder on Calvary's mount outpoured,
There where the blood of the Lamb was spilt.

Refrain:
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that will pardon and cleanse within;
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that is greater than all our sin.

Sin and despair like the sea waves cold,
Threaten the soul with infinite loss;
Grace that is greater, yes, grace untold,
Points to the Refuge, the mighty cross.

Dark is the stain that we cannot hide,
What can avail to wash it away?
Look! there is flowing a crimson tide;
Whiter than snow you may be today.

Marvelous, infinite, matchless grace,
Freely bestowed on all who believe;
You that are longing to see His face,
Will you this moment His grace receive?

249 O THE DEEP, DEEP LOVE OF JESUS!

O the deep, deep love of Jesus!
Vast, unmeasured, boundless, free,
Rolling as a mighty ocean
In its fullness over me.
Underneath me, all around me,
Is the current of Thy love;
Leading onward, leading homeward,
To my glorious rest above.

O the deep, deep love of Jesus!
Spread His praise from shore to shore,
How He loveth, ever loveth,
Changeth never, nevermore;
How He watcheth o'er His loved ones,
Died to call them all His own;
How for them He intercedeth,
Watcheth o'er them from the throne.

O the deep, deep love of Jesus!
Love of ev'ry love the best;
'Tis an ocean vast of blessing,
'Tis a haven sweet of rest.
O the deep, deep love of Jesus!
'Tis a heav'n of heav'ns to me;
And it lifts me up to glory,
For it lifts me up to Thee.

250 I BELIEVE JESUS SAVES

Let us sing of His love once again,
Of the love that can never decay,
Of the blood of the Lamb who was slain,
Till we praise Him in heaven's bright day.

Refrain:
I believe Jesus saves,
And His blood makes me whiter than snow.
I believe Jesus saves,
And His blood makes me whiter than snow.

There is cleansing and healing for all
Who will wash in the lifegiving flood;
There is perfect deliv'rance and joy
To be had in this world thro' the blood.

Even now, while we taste of His love,
We are filled with delight thro' His name;
But what will it be when, up above,
We shall join in the song of the Lamb?

Then we'll march in His name till we come,
At His bidding, to cease from the fight,
And our Saviour shall welcome us home
To the regions of glory and light.

So with banner unfurled to the breeze,
Then our motto shall "Holiness" be,
Till the crown from His hand we receive,
And the King in His glory we see!

251 THERE'S LIFE IN THE RISEN LORD!

Sound the gospel of grace abroad,
There's life in the risen Lord.
Spread the news of the gift of God,
There's life in the risen Lord.
God above desires it!
Sinful man requires it!

Refrain:
Let the news of the gospel sound,
There's life, There's life,
There's life in the risen Lord!

All by nature are doomed to die,
So saith the holy Word;
Welcome therefore the joyful cry,
There's life in the risen Lord.
Welcome news of gladness-
Antidote for sadness.

Saints, apostles, and prophets,
all Hath published with one accord,
This deliv'rance ance from the fall-
This life in the risen Lord.
Glory be to Jesus
Who from bondage frees us.

Pardon, power and perfect peace
The words of this life afford;
Never then let the tidings cease
Of life in the risen Lord.
Open wide the portal,
Unto ev'ry mortal.

252 IT REACHES ME

O this uttermost salvation!
'Tis a fountain full and free,
Pure, exhaustless, ever flowing,
Wondrous grace, it reaches me!

Refrain:
It reaches me, it reaches me,
Wondrous grace, it reaches me;
Pure, exhaustless, ever flowing;
Wondrous grace, it reaches me!

How amazing God's compassion,
That so vile a worm should prove
This stupendous bliss of heaven,
This unmeasured wealth of love!

Jesus, Saviour, I adore Thee;
Now Thy love I will proclaim;
I will tell the blessed story,
I will magnify Thy name!

253 THE GOSPEL OF THY GRACE

The gospel of Thy grace
My stubborn heart has won,
For God so loved the world,
He gave His only Son, That:

Refrain:
Whosoever will believe,
Shall everlasting life receive,
Shall everlasting life receive!

The serpent lifted up,
Could life and healing give;
So Jesus on the cross
Bids me to look and live; For:

The soul that sinneth dies:
My awful doom I heard;
I was for ever lost,
But for Thy gracious word That:

Not to condemn the world
The Man of Sorrows came;
But that the world might have
Salvation thro' His Name; For:

Lord, help my unbelief!
Give me the peace of faith,
To rest with childlike trust
On what Thy gospel saith, That:

254 MORE THAN TONGUE CAN TELL

The love that Jesus had for me,
To suffer on the cruel tree,
That I a ransomed soul might be,
Is more than tongue can tell!

Refrain:
His love is more than tongue can tell!
His love is more than tongue can tell!
The love that Jesus had for me
Is more than tongue can tell!

The bitter sorrow that He bore,
And O that crown of thorns He wore,
That I might live for evermore,
Is more than tongue can tell.

The peace I have in Him, my Lord,
Who pleads before the throne of God
The merit of His precious blood,
Is more than tongue can tell!

The joy that comes when He is near,
The rest He gives so free from fear,
The hope in Him, so bright and clear,
Is more than tongue can tell!

255 WAS IT FOR ME?

Was it for me, for me alone,
The Saviour left His glorious throne,
The dazzling splendors of the sky?
Was it for me He came to die?

Refrain:
It was for me, yes, all for me,
O love of God, so great, so free,
O wondrous love, I'll shout and sing,
He died for me, my Lord and King!

Was it for me, sweet angel strains
Came floating o'er Judea's plains
That starlit night so long ago?
Was it for me God planned it so?

Was it for me the Saviour said:
"Pillow thy weary, aching head
Trustingly on thy Saviour's breast"?
Was it for me? Can I thus rest?

Was it for me He wept and prayed,
My load of sin before Him laid,
That night within Gethsemane?
Was it for me, that agony?

Was it for me He bowed His head
Upon the cross and freely shed
His precious blood, that crimson tide?
Was it for me the Saviour died?

256 THE LOVE OF JESUS

There is no love like the love of Jesus,
Never to fade or fall,
Till into the fold of the peace of God
He has gathered us all.

Refrain:
Jesus' love, precious love,
Boundless and pure and free;
O turn to that love, weary, wand'ring soul:
Jesus pleadeth with thee!

There is no eye like the eye of Jesus,
Piercing so far away;
Never out of sight of its tender light
Can the wanderer stray.

There is no voice like the voice of Jesus,
Tender and sweet its chime,
Like musical ring of a flowing spring
In the bright summertime.

There is no heart like the heart of Jesus,
Filled with a tender love;
No throb nor throe that our hearts can know,
But He feels it above.

257 OLD, YET EVER NEW

There is a story sweet to hear,
I love to tell it too;
It fills my heart with hope and cheer,
'Tis old, yet ever new.

Refrain:
'Tis old, yet ever new,
'Tis old, yet ever new,
I know, I'm sure 'tis true,
'Tis old, yet ever new.

It tells me God the Son came down
From glory's throne to die,
That I might live and wear a crown,
And reign with Him on high.

It says He bore the cross for me
And suffered in my place,
That I from sin might ransomed be,
And praise Him for His grace.

O wondrous love, so great, so vast,
So boundless and so free!
Lord, at Thy feet myself I cast;
My all I give to Thee!

258 YE MUST BE BORN AGAIN

A ruler once came to Jesus by night,
To ask Him the way of salvation and light;
The Master made answer in words true and plain:
"Ye must be born again!"

Refrain:
"Ye must be born again! Ye must be born again!"
I verily, verily, say unto you-
"Ye must be born again!"

Ye children of men, attend to the word
So solemnly uttered by Jesus, the Lord;
And let not this message to you be in vain:
"Ye must be born again!"

O ye who would enter that glorious rest,
And sing with the ransomed the song of the blest,
The life everlasting if ye would obtain,
"Ye must be born again!"

A dear one in heaven thy heart yearns to see,
At the Atthe beautiful gate may be watching for thee;
Then list to the note of this solemn refrain:
"Ye must be born again!"

259 PRECIOUS, PRECIOUS BLOOD OF JESUS

Precious, precious blood of Jesus
Shed on Calvary;
Shed for rebels, shed for sinners,
Shed for thee!

Refrain:
Precious, precious blood of Jesus,
Everflowing free;
O believe it; O receive it,
'Tis for thee.

Precious, precious blood of Jesus,
Let it make thee whole;
Let it flow in mighty cleansing
O'er thy soul.

Though thy sins are red like crimson,
Deep in scarlet glow,
Jesus' precious blood shall wash thee
White as snow.

Precious blood that hath redeemed us!
All the price is paid;
Perfect pardon now is offered;
Peace is made.

Precious blood! by this we conquer
In the fiercest fight,
Sin and Satan overcoming
By its might.

Precious blood, whose full atonement
Makes us nigh to God!
Precious blood, our way to glory,
Praise and laud!

260 CHRIST RECEIVETH SINFUL MEN

Sinners Jesus will receive;
Sound this word of grace to all
Who the heav'nly pathway leave,
All who linger, all who fall!

Refrain:
Sing it o'er and o'er again:
Christ receiveth sinful men;
Make the message clear and plain:
Christ receiveth sinful men.

Come, and He will give you rest;
Trust Him, for His Word is plain;
He will take the sinfullest;
Christ receiveth sinful men.

Now my heart condemns me not;
Pure before the law I stand;
He who cleansed me from all spot
Satisfied its last demand.

Christ receiveth sinful men,
Even me with all my sin;
Purged from ev'ry spot and stain,
Heav'n with Him I enter in.

261 HE IS ABLE TO DELIVER THEE

'Tis the grandest theme thro' the ages rung;
'Tis the grandest theme for a mortal tongue;
'Tis the grandest theme that the world e'er sung:
"Our God is able to deliver thee."

Refrain:
He is able to deliver thee;
He is able to deliver thee;
Though by sin oppressed, go to Him for rest;
Our God is able to deliver thee.

'Tis the grandest theme in the earth or main;
'Tis the grandest theme for a mortal strain;
'Tis the grandest theme, tell the world again:
"Our God is able to deliver thee."

'Tis the grandest theme, let the tidings roll
To the guilty heart, to the sinful soul;
Look to God in faith, He will make thee whole:
"Our God is able to deliver thee."

262 O WHAT A SAVIOUR

O what a Saviour that He died for me!
From condemnation He hath made me free;
"He that believeth on the Son," saith He,
"Hath everlasting life."

Refrain:
"Verily, verily," I say unto you,
"Verily, verily," message ever new;
"He that believeth on the Son," 'tis true,
"Hath everlasting life."

All my iniquities on Him were laid,
All my indebtedness by Him was paid;
All who believe on Him, the Lord hath said,
"Have everlasting life."

Though poor and needy I can trust my Lord,
Though weak and sinful I believe His Word;
O joyous glad message! ev'ry child of God
"Hath everlasting life."

Though all unworthy, yet I will not doubt,
For him that cometh He will not cast out;
He that believeth, O the good news shout,
"Hath everlasting life."

263 HALLELUJAH! 'TIS DONE

'Tis the promise of God full salvation to give
Unto him who on Jesus, His Son, will believe.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! 'tis done, I believe on the Son;
I am saved by the blood of the crucified One;
Hallelujah! 'tis done, I believe on the Son;
I am saved by the blood of the crucified One.

Though the pathway be lonely and dangerous too,
Surely Jesus is able to carry me through.

Many loved ones have I in yon heavenly throng;
They are safe now in glory, and this is their song:

There are prophets and kings in that throng I behold,
And they sing while they march through the streets of pure gold,

There's a part in that chorus for you and for me,
And the theme of our praises forever will be:

264 I WILL SING OF MY REDEEMER

I will sing of my Redeemer,
And His wondrous love to me;
On the cruel cross He suffered,
From the curse to set me free.

Refrain:
Sing, O sing, of my Redeemer!
With His blood He purchased me,
On the cross He sealed my pardon,
Paid the debt, and made me free.

I will tell the wondrous story,
How my lost estate to save,
In His boundless love and mercy,
He the ransom freely gave.

I will praise my dear Redeemer,
His triumphant pow'r I'll tell,
How the victory He giveth
Over sin and death and hell.

I will sing of my Redeemer,
And His heav'nly love to me;
He from death to life hath brought me,
Son of God, with Him to be.

265 THERE IS A FOUNTAIN

There is a fountain filled with blood
Drawn from Immanuel's veins;
And sinners, plunged beneath that flood,
Lose all their guilty stains.

Refrain:
I do believe, I will believe,
That Jesus died for me:
That on the cross He shed His blood
From sin to set me free.

The dying thief rejoiced to see
That fountain in his day;
And there may I though vile, as he,
Wash all my sins away.

Dear dying Lamb, Thy precious blood
Shall never lose its pow'r,
Till all the ransomed church of God
Be saved to sin no more.

E'er since, by faith, I saw the stream
Thy flowing wounds supply,
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.

When this poor lisping, stamm'ring tongue
Lies silent in the grave,
Then in a nobler, sweeter song
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save.

266 THERE IS A FOUNTAIN

There is a fountain filled with blood
Drawn from Immanuel's veins;
And sinners, plunged beneath that flood,
Lose all their guilty stains.

Refrain:
Hallelujah to the Lamb
Who died on Mount Calvary:
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! Amen.

The dying thief rejoiced to see
That fountain in his day;
And there may I, though vile as he,
Wash all my sins away.

Dear dying Lamb, Thy precious blood
Shall never lose its pow'r,
Till all the ransomed church of God
Be saved to sin no more.

E're since, by faith, I saw the stream
Thy flowing wounds supply,
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.

When this poor lisping, stamm'ring tongue
Lies silent in the grave.
Then in a nobler, sweeter song
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save.

267 THERE IS A FOUNTAIN

There is a fountain filled with blood
Drawn from Immanuel's veins;
And sinners, plunged beneath that flood,
Lose all their guilty stains.
Lose all their guilty stains,
Lose all their guilty stains;
And sinners, plunged beneath that flood,
Lose all their guilty stains.

The dying thief rejoiced to see
That fountain in his day;
And there may I, though vile as he,
Wash all my sins away.
Wash all my sins away,
Wash all my sin away;
And there may I, though vile as he,
Wash all my sins away.

Dear dying Lamb, Thy precious blood
Shall never lose its pow'r,
Till all the ransomed church of God
Be saved to sin no more.
Be saved to sin no more,
Be saved to sin no more;
Till all the ransomed church of God
Be saved to sin no more.

E'er since by faith I saw the stream
Thy flowing wounds supply,
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.
And shall be till I die,
And shall be till I die;
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.

When this poor, lisping, stamm'ring tongue
Lies silent in the grave,
Then in a nobler, sweeter song,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save.
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save;
Then in a nobler, sweeter song,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save.

268 I WILL SING THE WONDROUS STORY

I will sing the wondrous story
Of the Christ who died for me;
How He left His home in glory,
For the cross of Calvary.

Refrain:
Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story
Of the Christ who died for me;
Sing it with the saints in glory,
Gathered by the crystal sea.

I was lost, but Jesus found me,
Found the sheep that went astray;
Threw His loving arms around me,
Drew me back into His way.

I was bruised, but Jesus healed me;
Faint was I from many a fall;
Sight was gone, and fears possessed me,
But He freed me from them all.

Days of darkness still come o'er me;
Sorrow's paths I often tread;
But the Saviour still is with me,
By His hand I'm safely led.

He will keep me till the river
Rolls its waters at my feet;
Then He'll bear me safely over,
Where the loved ones I shall meet.

269 THE LION OF JUDAH

'Twas Jesus, my Saviour, who died on the tree,
To open a fountain for sinners like me;
His blood is that fountain which pardon bestows,
And cleanses the foulest wherever it flows.

Refrain:
For the Lion of Judah shall break ev'ry chain,
And give us the vict'ry a gain and again.
For the Lion of Judah shall break ev'ry chain,
And give us the vict'ry again and again.

And when I was willing with all things to part,
He gave me His blessing, His love in my heart;
So now I am joined with the conquering band
Who are march on to glory at Jesus' command.

Though round me the storms of adversity roll,
And And waves of destruction encompass my soul,
In vain this frail vessel the tempest shall toss:
My hope is secure through the blood of the cross.

And when with the ransomed, by Jesus, my Head,
From fountain to fountain I then shall be led,
I'll fall at His feet and His mercy adore,
And sing of the blood of the cross evermore.

Come, sinners, to Jesus! no longer delay,
A full, free salvation He offers today;
Arouse your dark spirits, awake from your dream,
And Christ will support you in coming to Him.

270 WONDERFUL GRACE OF JESUS

Wonderful grace of Jesus, Greater than all my sin;
How shall my tongue describe it, Where shall its praise begin?
Taking away my burden, Setting my spirit free;
For the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

Refrain:
Wonderful the matchless grace of Jesus,
Deeper than the mighty rolling sea;
Higher than the mountain, sparkling like a fountain,
All-sufficient grace for even me,
Broader than the scope of my transgressions,
Greater far than all my sin and shame;
O magnify the precious name of Jesus,
Praise His name!

Wonderful grace of Jesus, Reaching to all the lost,
By it I have been pardoned, Saved to the uttermost;
Chains have been torn asunder, Giving me liberty;
For the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

Wonderful grace of Jesus, Reaching the most defiled,
By its transforming power, Making him God's dear child,
Purchasing peace and heaven, For all eternity;
And the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

271 SALVATION, SALVATION

We love to sing of the Lord who died,
And His wondrous love proclaim;
How there's life and peace thro' the Crucified,
And salvation thro' His name.

Refrain:
Salvation! Salvation!
Vast, full and free;
Thro' the precious blood of the Son of God
Who was slain on Calvary.

Oh! the height and depth of His boundless love,
And His mercy who can tell,
When He came to the cross from the throne above
To save our souls from hell!

Our sins and guilt were upon Him laid,
He the wrath of God endured,
By His precious blood an atonement made,
And our full discharge procured.

Ascended now to God's right hand,
A conqu'ror o'er the grave,
He bids us tell thro' ev'ry land
His mighty pow'r to save.

272 THROUGH THE BLOOD

There is forgiveness, God doth say,
Thro' the blood, Thro' the blood;
Both sin and guilt are put away,
Thro' the blood, Thro' the blood:
And sinners fitted for the sky,
Yes, unto God Himself bro't nigh,
Made meet to dwell with Christ on high,
Thro' the blood, Thro' the blood!

'Tis not your work puts sin away,
But the blood, But the blood;
Nor is it gold, God's Word doth say,
But the blood, But the blood:
Yes, 'tis the blood, the precious blood
Of Christ, the chosen Lamb of God,
That clears away sin's heavy load:
Precious blood, Precious blood!

You may be washed as white as snow
In the blood, In the blood;
And then to glory bright will go,
Thro' the blood, Thro' the blood:
So come to Christ; O come today!
That you may praise- yes, praise for aye,
The Lamb who washed your sins away
In His blood, In His blood!

Thousands of souls in heav'n will be,
Thro' the blood, Thro' the blood,
Praising the Lamb, who on the tree
Shed His blood, Shed His blood:
All white and pure, all glorious fair,
They praise the Lamb, whose joy they share;
Oh, happy throng! will you be there
Thro' the blood, Thro' the blood?

273 REDEMPTION

Redemption! oh, wonderful story-
Glad message for you and for me:
That Jesus has purchased our pardon,
And paid all the debt on the tree.

Refrain:
Believe it, O sinner, believe it;
Receive the glad message- 'tis true;
Trust now in the crucified Saviour,
Salvation He offers to you.

From death unto life He has brought us,
And made us by grace sons of God;
A fountain is opened for sinners:
Oh, wash and be cleansed in the blood!

No longer shall sin have dominion,
Tho' present to tempt and annoy;
For Christ, in His blessed redemption,
The power of sin shall destroy.

Accept now God's offer of mercy;
To Jesus, oh, hasten today;
For He will receive him that cometh,
And never will turn him away.

274 WHAT DID HE DO?

O listen to our wondrous story!
Counted once among the lost,
Yet One came down from heaven's glory,
Saving us at awful cost!

Refrain:
Who saved us from eternal loss?
(Who but God's Son upon the cross?)
What did He do?
(He died for you!)
Where is He now?
(Believe it thou,)
In heaven interceding!

No angel could our place have taken,
Highest of the high tho' he;
The loved One, on the cross forsaken,
Was One of the God-head Three!

And yet this wondrous tale proceedeth,
Stirring heart and tongue aflame!
As our High Priest in heav'n He pleadeth,
And Christ Jesus is His name!

Will you surrender to this Saviour-
To His scepter humbly bow?
You, too, shall come to know His favor,
He will save you, save you now!

275 SAVIOUR OF SINNERS

Christ is the Saviour of sinners,
Christ is the Saviour for me;
Long I was chained in sin's darkness,
Now by His grace I am free.

Refrain:
Saviour of sinners,
Saviour of sinners like me,
Shedding His blood for my ransom,
Christ is the Saviour for me.

Now I can say I am pardoned,
Happy and justified, free,
Saved by my blessed Redeemer,
This is the Saviour for me.

Just as I was He received me,
Seeking from judgment to flee,
Now there is no condemnation,
This is the Saviour for me.

Soon shall the glory be dawning.
Then His own face I shall see,
Sing, O my soul, in thy gladness,
This is the Saviour for me.

276 SAVED BY THE BLOOD

Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!
Now ransomed from sin and a new work begun,
Sing praise to the Father and praise to the Son,
Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!

Refrain:
Saved! saved!
My sins are all pardoned, my guilt is all gone!
Saved! saved!
I am saved by the blood of the Crucified One!

Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!
The angels rejoicing because it is done;
A child of the Father, joint-heir with the Son,
Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!

Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!
The Father, He spake, and His will, it was done;
Great price of my pardon, His own precious Son;
Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!

Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!
All hail to the Father, all hail to the Son,
All hail to the Spirit, the great Three in One!
Saved by the blood of the Crucified One!

277 SAVED, SAVED!

I've found a friend who is all to me,
His love is ever true;
I love to tell how He lifted me,
And what His grace can do for you.

Refrain:
Saved by His pow'r divine,
Saved to new life sublime!
Life now is sweet and my joy is complete,
For I'm saved, saved, saved!

He saves me from ev'ry sin and harm,
Secures my soul each day;
I'm leaning strong on His mighty arm;
I know He'll guide me all the way.

When poor and needy and all alone,
In love He said to me,
"Come unto Me and I'll lead you home,
To live with Me eternally."

278 HOW CAN IT BE?

O Saviour, as my eyes behold
The wonders of Thy might untold,
The heav'ns in glorious light arrayed,
The vast creation Thou hast made-
And yet to think Thou lovest me-
My heart cries out, "How can it be?"

Refrain:
How can it be? How can it be?
That God should love a soul like me,
O how can it be?

As at the cross I humbly bow
And gaze upon Thy thorn-crowned brow,
And view the precious bleeding form
By cruel nails so bruised and torn,
Knowing Thy suff'ring was for me,
In grief I cry, "How can it be?"

How can it be? How can it be?
Was ever grace so full and free!
From heights of bliss to depths of woe
In loving kindness Thou didst go,
From sin and shame to rescue me-
O Love Divine, How can it be?

279 ONCE FOR ALL

Free from the law, O happy condition!
Jesus hath bled, and there is remission;
Cursed by the law and bruised by the fall,
Grace hath redeemed us once for all.

Refrain:
Once for all- O sinner receive it!
Once for all- O brother believe it!
Cling to the cross, the burden will fall;
Christ hath redeemed us once for all.

Now are we free- there's no condemnation;
Jesus provides a perfect salvation;
"Come unto Me," O hear His sweet call,
Come, and He saves us once for all.

Children of God, O glorious calling!
Surely His grace will keep us from falling;
Passing from death to life at His call,
Blessed salvation once for all.

280 WHEN I SEE THE BLOOD

Christ our Redeemer died on the cross,
Died for the sinner, paid all his due;
Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the Lamb,
And I will pass, will pass over you.

Refrain:
When I see the blood,
When I see the blood,
When I see the blood,
I will pass, I will pass over you.

Chiefest of sinners, Jesus will save;
All He has promised, that He will do;
Wash in the fountain opened for sin,
And I will pass, will pass over you.

Judgment is coming, all will be there,
Each one receiving justly his due;
Hide in the saving, sin-cleansing blood,
And I will pass, will pass over you.

O great compassion! O boundless love!
O loving kindness, faithful and true!
Find peace and shelter, under the blood,
And I will pass, will pass over you.

281 TELL ME THE OLD, OLD STORY

Tell me the old, old story Of unseen things above,
Of Jesus and His glory, Of Jesus and His love.
Tell me the story simply, As to a little child,
For I am weak and weary, And helpless and defiled.

Refrain:
Tell me the old, old story,
Tell me the old, old story,
Tell me the old, old story
Of Jesus and His love.

Tell me the story slowly, That I may take it in-
That wonderful redemption, God's remedy for sin.
Tell me the story often, For I forget so soon;
The early dew of morning Has passed away at noon.

Tell me the story softly, With earnest tones and grave;
Remember, I'm the sinner Whom Jesus came to save.
Tell me the story always, If you would really be,
In any time of trouble, A comforter to me.

Tell me the same old story When you have cause to fear
That this world's empty glory Is costing me too dear.
Yes, and when that world's glory Is dawning on my soul,
Tell me the old, old story- "Christ Jesus makes thee whole."

282 DEPTH OF MERCY! CAN THERE BE

Depth of mercy! can there be
Mercy still reserved for me?
Can my God His wrath forbear?
Me, the chief of sinners, spare?

I have long withstood His grace,
Long provoked Him to His face,
Would not hearken to His calls,
Grieved Him by a thousand falls.

Whence to me this waste of love?
Ask my Advocate above!
See the cause in Jesus' face,
Now before the throne of grace.

There for me the Saviour stands,
Shows His wounds and spreads His hands,
God is love; I know; I feel;
Jesus lives, and loves me still.

Jesus, answer from above:
Is not all Thy nature love?
Wilt Thou not the wrong forget?
Suffer me to kiss Thy feet?

If I rightly read Thy heart,
If Thou all compassion art,
Bow Thine ear, in mercy bow;
Pardon and accept me now.

283 HE RANSOMED ME

There's a sweet and blessed story
Of the Christ who came from glory,
Just to rescue me from sin and misery;
He in loving kindness sought me,
And from sin and shame hath bro't me,
Hallelujah! Jesus ransomed me.

Refrain:
Hallelujah, what a Saviour!
Who can take a poor, lost sinner,
Lift him from the miry clay and set him free;
I will ever tell the story,
Shouting glory, glory, glory,
Hallelujah! Jesus ransomed me.

From the depth of sin and sadness
To the heights of joy and gladness
Jesus lifted me, in mercy full and free;
With His precious blood He bo't me,
When I knew Him not, He sought me,
And in love divine He ransomed me.

From the throne of heav'nly glory-
Oh, the sweet and blessed story!
Jesus came to lift the lost in sin and woe
Into liberty all glorious,
Trophies of His grace victorious,
Evermore rejoicing here below.

By and by with joy increasing,
And with gratitude unceasing,
Lifted up with Christ forevermore to be;
I will join the hosts there singing,
In the anthem ever ringing,
To the King of of Love who ransomed me.

284 THANK YOU LORD

Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul,
Thank you, Lord, for making me whole;
Thank you, Lord, for giving to me
Thy great salvation so rich and free.

285 THE NINETY AND NINE

There were ninety and nine that safely lay
In the shelter of the fold;
But one was out on the hills away,
Far off from the gates of gold,
Away on the mountains wild and bare,
Away from the tender Shepherd's care,
Away from the tender Shepherd's care.

"Lord, Thou hast here Thy ninety and nine,
Are they not enough for Thee?"
But the Shepherd made answer:
"This of Mine Has wandered away from Me;
And although the road be rough and steep,
I go to the desert to find My sheep,
I go to the desert to find My sheep."

But none of the ransomed ever knew
How deep were the waters crossed;
Nor how dark was the night the Lord passed through
Ere He found His sheep that was lost:
Out in the desert He heard its cry,
Sick and helpless and ready to die,
Sick and helpless and ready to die.

"Lord, whence are those blood-drops all the way,
That mark out the mountain's track?"
"They were shed for one who had gone astray
Ere the Shepherd could bring him back."
"Lord, whence are Thy hands so rent and torn?"
"They are pierced tonight by many a thorn,
They are pierced tonight by many a thorn."

But all thro' the mountains thunder-riv'n
And up from the rocky steep,
There arose a cry to the gates of heav'n:
"Rejoice! I have found My sheep!"
And the angels echoed around the throne,
"Rejoice! for the Lord brings back His own!
Rejoice! for the Lord brings back His own!"

286 THE PERFECT RIGHTEOUSNESS OF GOD

The perfect righteousness of God
Is witnessed in the Saviour's blood;
'Tis in the cross of Christ we trace
His righteousness, yet wondrous grace.

God could not pass the sinner by,
His sin demands that he must die;
But in the cross of Christ we see
How God can save us righteously.

The sin is on the Saviour laid,
'Tis in His blood sin's debt is paid;
Stern Justice can demand no more,
And Mercy can dispense her store.

The sinner who believes is free,
Can say: "The Saviour died for me";
Can point to the atoning blood,
And say: "This made my peace with God."

287 BEAUTIFUL WORDS OF JESUS

Beautiful words of Jesus, Spoken so long ago;
Yet, as we sing them over, Dearer to us they grow;
Calling the heavy laden, Calling to hearts oppressed:
Come unto Me, ye weary, Come, I will give you rest.

Refrain:
Hear the call of of His voice so sweet;
Bring your load to to the Saviour's feet;
Lean your heart on on His loving breast,
Come, O come, and He will come, and He will give you rest.

Beautiful words of Jesus, Cheering us day by day;
Throwing a gleam of sunshine Over a cloudy way;
Casting on Him the burden We are too weak to bear,
He will give grace sufficient, He will regard our prayer.

Beautiful words of Jesus, Tokens of endless rest,
When, by and by, we enter Into His presence blest;
There shall we see His beauty, Meet with Him face to face;
There shall we sing His glory, Praising His matchless grace.

288 I HEAR THE WORDS OF LOVE

I hear the words of love,
I gaze upon the blood,
I see the mighty sacrifice,
And I have peace with God.

'Tis everlasting peace,
Sure as Jehovah's name;
'Tis stable as His steadfast throne,
Forevermore the same.

The clouds may come and go,
And storms may sweep my sky-
This blood-sealed friendship changes not:
The cross is ever nigh.

My love is ofttimes low,
My joy still ebbs and flows;
But peace with Him remains the same-
No change Jehovah knows.

I change, He changes not,
The Christ can never die;
His love, not mine, the resting-place,
His truth, not mine, the tie.

289 THE WONDERFUL STORY

O sweet is the story of Jesus,
The wonderful Saviour of men,
Who suffered and died for the sinner-
I'll tell it again and again!

Refrain:
O wonderful, wonderful wonderful story,
The dearest that ever ever was told;
I'll repeat it in glory, the wonderful story,
Where I shall His beauty beauty behold.

He came from the brightest of glory;
His blood as a ransom He gave,
To purchase eternal redemption,
And O He is mighty to save!

His mercy flows on like a river,
His love is unmeasured and free;
His grace is forever sufficient,
It reaches and purifies me.

290 CHOSEN OF GOD

O people selected by sovereign love,
Thro' free grace elected to glory above;
What cause for uniting your voices to sing;
What cause for delighting in Jesus your King.

What people so blessed, so honored of God,
Redeemed from transgression by Calvary's Blood,
Your enemies vanquished, your wants all supplied,
By Him who has promised, "The Lord will provide."

For He who has loved you, and bought you with Blood,
Will surely bestow ev'ry covenant good;
He'll ever be near you, to save to the end,
Then trust Him, and praise Him, your Saviour and Friend.

291 SALVATION! O MY SOUL REJOICE!

Salvation! O my soul rejoice!
Salvation is of God;
He speaks, and that almighty voice
Proclaims His grace abroad.

The Father loved us e'er we fell,
And will for ever love;
Nor shall the pow'rs of earth or hell
His love from Zion move.

'Twas love that moved Him to ordain
A Surety just and good,
And on His heart inscribed the name
Of all for whom He stood.

Nor is the Surety short of love;
He loves beyond degree;
No less than love divine could move
The Lord to die for me.

And O what love the Spirit shows!
When Jesus He reveals
To men oppressed with sin and woes,
He all their sorrows heals.

The ThreeinOne and One-in-Three
In love for ever rest;
His people shall in glory be,
And with His love be blessed.

292 PEACE, PERFECT PEACE

Peace, perfect peace,
In this dark world of sin?
The blood of Jesus whispers "Peace" within.

Peace, perfect peace,
With sorrows surging 'round?
In Jesus resting, naught but calm is found.

Peace, perfect peace,
Our future all unknown?
Jesus we know, and He is on the throne.

Peace, perfect peace,
By thronging duties pressed?
To do the will of Jesus, this is best.

It is enough:
Earth's struggles soon will cease,
And Jesus, call us to heav'n's perfect peace.

293 HARK! THE GOSPEL NEWS IS SOUNDING

Hark! the gospel news is sounding,
Christ has suffered on the tree;
Streams of mercy are abounding,
Grace for all is rich and free.
Now poor sinner, Now poor sinner,
Come to Him who died for thee.

O escape to yonder mountain!
Refuge find in Him today;
Christ invites you to the fountain,
Come and wash your sins away.
Do not tarry, Do not tarry,
Come to Jesus while you may.

Grace is flowing like a river,
Millions there have been supplied;
Still it flows as fresh as ever
From the Saviour's wounded side.
None need perish, None need perish,
All may live for Christ hath died.

Christ alone shall be our portion;
When we soon shall meet above,
Bathing in the boundless ocean
Of the great Redeemer's love;
All His fulness, All His fulness
We shall then forever prove.

295 FULL SALVATION!

Full salvation! full salvation!
Lo! the fountain, opened wide,
Streams thro' ev'ry land and nation
From the Saviour's wounded side.
Full salvation! full salvation!
Full salvation! full salvation!
Streams an endless crimson tide.

O the glorious revelation!
See the cleansing current flow,
Washing stains of condemnation
Whiter than the driven snow;
Full salvation! full salvation!
Full salvation! full salvation!
O the rapt'rous bliss to know!

Love's resistless current sweeping
All the regions deep within;
Thought and wish and senses keeping
Now, and ev'ry instant, clean.
Full salvation! full salvation!
Full salvation! full salvation!
From the guilt and pow'r of sin.

Life immortal, heav'n descending,
Lo! my heart the Spirit's shrine!
God and man in oneness blending-
O what fellowship is mine!
Full salvation! full salvation!
Full salvation! full salvation!
Raised in Christ to life divine!

Care and doubting, gloomy sorrow,
Fear and grief are mine no more;
Faith knows naught of dark tomorrow
For my Saviour goes before.
Full salvation! full salvation!
Full salvation! full salvation!
Full and free for evermore.

296 THE BLOOD OF JESUS RANSOMED ME

The blessed peace of Christ my bosom fills,
The Father's smiling face I see;
With love divine my happy spirit thrills,
For Jesus' blood has ransomed me.

Refrain:
The blood of Jesus ransomed me,
He paid my debt and set me free;
Where'er I go the world shall know,
The blood of Jesus ransomed me!

He floods my pathway with a heav'nly light,
He caused my blinded eyes to see;
From thrall of Satan and from sin's dark night
The blood of Jesus ransomed me.

He grants me grace to foil the tempter's art,
He gives me strength to meet the foe;
He makes His dwelling place within my heart,
He's with me wheresoe'er I go.

When time on earth for me shall be no more,
And I in heav'n His face shall see;
I'll sing His praises on that blissful shore,
And tell how Jesus ransomed me.

297 ONLY TRUST HIM

Come, ev'ry soul by sin oppressed,
There's mercy with the Lord;
And He will surely give you rest
By trusting in His Word.

Refrain:
Only trust Him! Only trust Him!
Only trust Him now!
He will save you! He will save you!
He will save you now!

For Jesus shed His precious blood
Rich blessings to bestow;
Plunge now into the crimson flood
That washes white as snow.

Yes, Jesus is the Truth, the Way,
That leads you into rest;
Believe in Him without delay,
And you are fully blest.

Come, then, and join this holy band,
And on to glory go,
To dwell in that celestial land,
Where joys immortal flow.

298 ARE YOU WASHED IN THE BLOOD

Have you been to Jesus for the the cleansing pow'r?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
Are you fully trusting in His grace this hour?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Refrain:
Are you washed in the blood,
In the soul-cleansing blood of the Lamb?
Are your garments spotless? are they white as snow?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Are you walking daily by the the Saviour's side?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
Do you rest each moment in the Crucified?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

When the Bridegroom cometh, will your your robes be white,
Pure and white in the blood of the Lamb?
Will your soul be ready for the mansions bright,
And be washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Lay aside the garments that are are stained by sin,
And be washed in the blood of the Lamb;
There's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean,
O be washed in the blood of the Lamb!

299 LOOK AND LIVE

I've a message from the Lord, Hallelujah!
The message unto you I'll give;
'Tis recorded recorded in His Word, Hallelujah!
It is only that you "look and live."

Refrain:
"Look and live," my brother, live;
Look to Jesus now and live;
'Tis recorded in His Word, Hallelujah!
It is only that you "look and live."

I've a message full of love, Hallelujah!
A message, O my friend, for you;
'Tis a a message from above, Hallelujah!
Jesus said it, and I know 'tis true.

Life is offered unto you, Hallelujah!
Eternal life your soul shall have,
If you'll you'll only look to Him, Hallelujah!
Look to Jesus who alone can save.

300 COME, YE SINNERS, POOR AND NEEDY

Come, ye sinners, poor and needy,
Weak and wounded, sick and sore;
Jesus ready stands to save you,
Full of pity, love and pow'r;
He is able He is able, He is able
He is willing; doubt no more!
He is willing; doubt no more!

Come, ye needy, come and welcome;
God's free bounty glorify;
True belief and true repentance,
Ev'ry grace that brings you nigh,
Without money Without money, Without money,
Come to Jesus Christ and buy!
Come to Jesus Christ and buy!

Let not conscience make you linger
Nor of fitness fondly dream;
All the fitness He requireth
Is to feel your need of Him:
This He gives you- This He gives you- This He gives you-
'Tis the Spirit's glimm'ring beam!
'Tis the Spirit's glimm'ring beam!

Come, ye weary, heavy laden,
Bruised and broken by the fall;
If you tarry till you're better,
You will never come at all:
Not the righteous Not the righteous Not the righteous
Sinners Jesus came to call;
Sinners Jesus came to call.

Lo! th'incarnate God ascended,
Pleads the merit of His blood;
Venture on Him, venture wholly,
Let no other trust intrude;
None but Jesus, None but Jesus, None but Jesus
Can do helpless sinners good.
Can do helpless sinners good.

302 ONCE AGAIN THE GOSPEL MESSAGE

Once again the gospel message
From the Saviour you have heard:
Will you heed the invitation?
Will you turn and seek the Lord?

Refrain:
Come believing, come believing!
Come to Jesus, look and live!
Come believing, come believing!
Come to Jesus, look and live!

Many summers you have wasted;
Ripened harvests you have seen;
Winter snows by spring have melted,
Yet you linger in your sin.

Jesus for your choice is waiting;
Tarry not: at once decide!
While the Spirit now is striving,
Yield, and seek the Saviour's side.

Cease of fitness to be thinking;
Do not longer try to feel;
It is trusting, and not feeling,
That will give the Spirit's seal.

Let your will to God be given;
Trust in Christ's atoning blood;
Look to Jesus now in heaven,
Rest on His unchanging Word.

303 OUT OF CHRIST

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
O can it, can it be?
Like a ship without a rudder,
On a wild and stormy sea!

Refrain:
O to be without a Saviour,
With no hope nor refuge nigh!
Can it be, O blessed Saviour,
One without Thee dares to die?

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
Lonely and dark the way;
With no light, no hope in Jesus,
Making bright the cheerless day.

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
No help nor refuge nigh;
How can you, my friend and brother,
Dare to live or dare to die?

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
Dark will the voyage be;
Clouds will gather, storms surround you,
O to Christ for refuge flee!

Out of Christ, without a Saviour,
Give to Him now your heart,
Ere the door of mercy closes,
And you hear His word: Depart.

304 LIFE FOR A LOOK

There is life for a look at the crucified One,
There is life at this moment for thee.
Then look, sinner, look unto Him and be saved,
Unto Him who was nailed on the tree.

Refrain:
Look, look, look and live;
There is life for a look at the crucified One,
There is life at this moment for thee.

O why was He there as the bearer of sin,
If on Jesus thy guilt was not laid?
O why from His side flowed the sin-cleansing blood,
If His dying thy debt has not paid?

It is not thy tears of repentance and prayers,
But the blood that atones for the soul;
On Him then believe, and a pardon receive,
For His blood can now make thee whole.

We are healed by His stripes: would'st thou add to the Word?
And He is our righteousness right eousness made;
The best robe of heaven He bids thee to wear,
O could'st thou be better arrayed?

Then doubt not thy welcome, since God has declared
There remaineth no more to be done;
That once in the end of the world he appeared
And completed the work He'd begun.

But take with rejoicing from Jesus at once
The life everlasting He gives;
And know with assurance thou never canst die,
Since Jesus, thy righteousness, lives.

305 PASSING ONWARD

Passing onward, quickly passing,
But I ask thee, "Whither bound?
Is it to the many mansions
Where eternal rest is found?
Passing onward, passing onward,
Tell me, sinner, whither bound?"

Passing onward, quickly passing;
Naught the wheels of time can stay;
Sweet the tho't that some are going
To the realms of perfect day,
Passing onward, passing onward,
Christ their leader, Christ their way.

Passing onward, quickly passing,
Many on the downward road;
Careless of their souls immortal,
Heeding not the call of God,
Passing onward, passing onward,
Trample on the Saviour's blood.

Passing onward, quickly passing;
Time its course will quickly run;
Still we hear the fond entreaty
Of the ever gracious One:
"Come and and welcome, come and welcome;
'Tis by Me that life is won."

306 ABUNDANT LIFE

Under the burdens of guilt and care
Many a spirit is grieving,
Who in the joy of the Lord might share,
Life everlasting receiving.

Refrain:
Life, life, eternal life!
Jesus alone is the giver;
Life, life, abundant life!
Glory to Jesus forever!

Bearing our burden of guilt,
there came One who is strong to deliver;
Bringing to men, through His wondrous name,
Life "more abundant" than ever.

Burdened one, why will you longer bear
Sorrows from which He releases?
Open your heart and, rejoicing,
share Life "more abundant" in Jesus!

Leaving the mountain, the streamlet grows,
Flooding the vale with a river;
So, from the hill of the cross there flows
Life "more abundant" for ever.

O for the floods on the thirsty land!
O for a mighty revival!
O for a sanctified, fearless band,
Ready to hail its arrival!

307 STEP OUT ON THE PROMISE

O mourner in Zion, how blessed art thou,
For Jesus is waiting to comfort thee now;
Fear not to rely on the Word of thy God;
Step out on the promise,
step out on the promise,
Step out on the promise- get under the blood.

O ye that are hungry and thirsty, rejoice!
For ye shall be filled; do you hear that sweet voice
Inviting you now to the banquet of God?
Step out on the promise,
step out on the promise,
Step out on the promise- get under the blood.

Who sighs for a heart from iniquity free?
O, poor troubled soul, there's a promise for thee.
There's rest, weary one, in the bosom of God;
Step out on the promise,
step out on the promise,
Step out on the promise- get under the blood.

Step out on this promise, and Christ thou shalt win.
"The blood of His Son cleanseth us from all sin";
It cleanseth me now, hallelujah to God!
I rest on His promise,
I rest on His promise,
I rest on His promise- I'm under the blood.

308 JESUS IS CALLING

Jesus is tenderly calling thee home-
Calling today, calling today;
Why from the sunshine of love wilt thou roam
Farther and farther away?

Refrain:
Calling today, Calling today,
Jesus is calling, is tenderly calling today!

Jesus is calling the weary to rest,
Calling today, calling today;
Bring Him thy burden and thou shalt be blest;
He will not turn thee away.

Jesus is waiting- O come to Him now-
Waiting today, waiting today;
Come with thy sins, at His feet lowly bow,
Come, and no longer delay.

Jesus is pleading, O list to His voice!
Hear Him today, hear Him today;
They who believe on His Name shall rejoice;
Quickly arise and away.

309 SOFTLY AND TENDERLY

Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling,
Calling for you and for me;
See, on the portals He's waiting and watching,
Watching for you and for me.

Refrain:
Come home, come home;
Ye who are weary, come home;
Earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling,
Calling, "O sinner, come home!"

Why should we tarry when Jesus is pleading,
Pleading for you and for me?
Why should we linger and heed not His mercies,
Mercies for you and for me?

Time is now fleeting, the moments are passing,
Passing from you and from me;
Shadows are gathering, death-beds are coming,
Coming for you and for me.

O for the wonderful love He has promised,
Promised for you and for me;
Though we have sinned He has mercy and pardon,
Pardon for you and for me.

310 THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD

The whole world was lost in the darkness of sin;
The Light of the world is Jesus!
Like sunshine at noonday His glory shone in;
The Light of the world is Jesus!

Refrain:
Come to the Light; 'tis shining for thee;
Sweetly the Light has dawned upon me;
Once I was blind, but now I can see:
The Light of the world is Jesus.

No darkness have we who in Jesus abide;
The Light of the world is Jesus!
We walk in the Light when we follow our Guide;
The Light of the world is Jesus!

Ye dwellers in darkness, with sinblinded eyes,
The Light of the world is Jesus!
Go, wash at His bidding, and light will arise;
The Light of the world is Jesus!

No need of the sunlight in heaven, we're told;
The Light of the world is Jesus!
The Lamb is the Light in the city of gold;
The Light of the world is Jesus!

311 COME TO THE SAVIOUR

Come to the Saviour, make no delay;
Here in His Word He has shown us the way;
Here in our midst He's standing today,
Tenderly saying: Come!

Refrain:
Joyful, joyful will the meeting be,
When from sin our hearts are pure and free,
And we shall gather, Saviour, with Thee,
In our eternal home.

"Suffer the children!" O hear His voice!
Let ev'ry heart leap forth and rejoice!
And let us freely make Him our choice,
Do not delay, but come.

Think once again, He's with us today;
Heed now His blest command and obey;
Hear now His accents tenderly say:
Will you, My children, come?

312 TURN YOUR EYES UPON JESUS

O soul, are you weary and troubled?
No light in the darkness you see?
There's light for a look at the Saviour,
And life more abundant and free!

Refrain:
Turn your eyes upon Jesus;
Look full in His wonderful face;
And the things of earth will grow strangely dim
In the light of His glory and grace.

Thro' death into life everlasting
He passed, and we follow Him there;
Over Over us sin no more hath dominion,
For more than conqu'rors we are!

His Word shall not fail you, He promised;
Believe Him, and all will be well.
Then go to a world that is dying,
His perfect salvation to tell!

313 IN TIMES LIKE THESE

In times like these you need a Saviour;
In times like these you need an anchor;
Be very sure, be very sure
Your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!
This Rock is Jesus, yes, He's the One;
This Rock is Jesus, the only One;
Be very sure, be very sure
Your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!

In times like these you need the Bible;
In times like these O be not idle;
Be very sure, be very sure
Your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!
This Rock is Jesus, yes, He's the One;
This Rock is Jesus, the only One;
Be very sure, be very sure
Your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!

In times like these I have a Saviour;
In times like these I have an anchor;
I'm very sure, I'm very sure
My anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!
This Rock is Jesus, yes, He's the One;
This Rock is Jesus, the only One;
I'm very sure, I'm very sure
My anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock.

314 CALLING THE PRODIGAL

God is calling the prodigal: come without delay!
Hear, O hear Him calling, calling now for thee;
Tho' you've wandered so far from His presence, come today,
Hear His loving voice calling still.

Refrain:
Calling now for thee: O weary prodigal come!
Calling now for thee: O weary prodigal come!

Patient, loving, and tenderly still the Father pleads;
Hear, O hear Him calling, calling now for thee;
O return while the Spirit in mercy intercedes,
Hear His loving voice calling still.

Come, there's bread in the house of thy Father, and to spare;
Hear, O hear Him calling, calling now for thee;
Lo! the table is spread and the feast is waiting there,
Hear His loving voice calling still.

315 ALMOST PERSUADED

"Almost persuaded" now to believe;
"Almost persuaded" Christ to receive;
Seems now some soul to say:
Go, Spirit, go Thy way;
Some more convenient day On Thee I'll call.

"Almost persuaded," come, come today!
"Almost persuaded," turn not away;
Jesus invites you here;
Angels are ling'ring near;
Prayers rise from hearts so dear; O wand'rer, come!

"Almost persuaded": harvest is past!
"Almost persuaded": doom comes at last;
"Almost" cannot avail;
"Almost" is but to fail;
Sad, sad, that bitter wail: "Almost"- but lost!

316 THERE IS A WAY

There is a way for sin to be forgiven;
There is a way prepared for you and me.
There is a way that leads a soul to heaven;
That way is Christ the sinner's perfect plea.

Refrain:
Look unto Him whose pow'r can cleanse and save your soul;
Look unto Him whose blood can set you free.
Look unto Him whose sacrifice can make you whole;
Then you will know the love of Calvary.

There is a love that passes human measure;
There is a love that's brighter than the day.
There is a love that's richer than all treasure;
The love of Christ excels in ev'ry way.

There is a place that Jesus is preparing;
There is a place where sin will be no more.
There is a place of promise we'll be sharing;
That place is heav'n, eternity's fair shore.

317 COME, YE DISCONSOLATE

Come, ye disconsolate, where'er ye languish;
Come to the mercyseat, fervently kneel;
Here bring your wounded hearts, here tell your anguish;
Earth has no sorrow that heav'n cannot heal.

Joy of the desolate, light of the straying,
Hope of the penitent, fadeless and pure,
Here speaks the Comforter, tenderly saying,
"Earth has no sorrow that heav'n cannot cure."

Here see the Bread of Life; see waters flowing
Forth from the throne of God, pure from above;
Come to the feast of love; come, ever knowing
Earth has no sorrow but heav'n can remove.

318 THOUGH YOUR SINS BE AS SCARLET

"Tho' your sins be as scarlet,
They shall be as white as snow;
Tho' your sins be as scarlet,
They shall be as white as snow;
Tho' they be red like crimson,
They shall be as wool!"
"Tho' your sins be as scarlet,
Tho' your sins be as scarlet,
They shall be as white as snow,
They shall be as white as snow."

Hear the voice that entreats you,
O return ye unto God!
Hear the voice that entreats you,
O return ye unto God!
He is of great compassion,
And of wondrous love;
Hear the voice that entreats you,
Hear the voice that entreats you,
O return ye unto God!
O return ye unto God!

He'll forgive your transgressions,
And remember them no more;
He'll forgive your transgressions,
And remember them no more;
"Look unto Me, ye people,"
Saith the Lord your God!
He'll forgive your transgressions,
He'll forgive your transgressions,
And remember them no more,
And remember them no more.

319 THERE IS POWER IN THE BLOOD

Would you be free from your burden of sin?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Would you o'er evil a victory win?
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Refrain:
There is pow'r, pow'r, wonder-working pow'r
In the blood of the Lamb;
There is pow'r, pow'r, wonder-working pow'r,
In the precious blood of the Lamb.

Would you be free from your passion and pride?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Come for a cleansing to Calvary's tide!
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Would you be whiter, much whiter than snow?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Sinstains are lost in its lifegiving flow.
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Would you do service for Jesus your King?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Would you live daily His praises to sing?
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

320 FREE, FREE, FREE

Hark! sinner, hark! we have tidings so true,
Tidings of pardon and blessings for you!
God in His word says that Christ on the tree,
Died for guilty sinners, and "Salvation is free."

Refrain:
Hear the news, sinner, free! free! free!
Why not believe it? 'Tis good news for thee.
Jesus the Just One has died on the tree,
Died for guilty sinners, and "Salvation is free."

Guilty you are, yet you know very well
Jesus has suffered to save you from hell;
Tho' now condemned, justified you may be,
Jesus paid the ransom, and "Salvation is free."

Trust not in "doing," it cannot avail.
Good resolutions and works can but fail;
"Grace, grace alone," is the saved sinner's plea,
"Not of works," the Scriptures say, "Salvation is free."

Trust not in feelings, your heart is depraved.
Trust only Jesus, who now lives to save;
Tears of repentance, tho' real they may be,
Ne'er can purchase heaven, for "Salvation is free."

321 JESUS IS PASSING THIS WAY

Is there a heart that is waiting,
Longing for pardon today?
Hear the glad message, proclaiming:
Jesus is passing this way.

Refrain:
Jesus is passing this way,
This way, today;
Jesus is passing this way,
Is passing this way today.

Is there a heart that has wandered?
Come with thy burden today;
Mercy is tenderly pleading:
Jesus is passing this way.

Is there a heart that is broken,
Weary and sighing for rest?
Come to the arms of thy Saviour;
Pillow thy head on His breast.

Come to thy only Redeemer,
Come to His infinite love;
Come to the gate that is leading
Homeward to mansions above.

322 THE REAPING

After the sowing of sin is all done,
After the glory of earth has been won,
After the sands of thy life have all run,
O what shall thy reaping be?

Refrain:
Sowing, sowing, sowing in Satan's might;
Reaping, reaping, reaping eternal night.

After the pleasures of sin are all past,
After the wealth of the world is amassed
When the death-angel you face at last,
O what shall thy reaping be?

Come to the Saviour of sinners, come home!
Why will you longer so aimlessly roam?
While He is pleading, O wanderer come;
The Master is waiting for thee.

Cease from thy waywardness, Jesus invites;
List to the Bride who with pleading unites,
While the blest Spirit to prayer now incites,
The Master is waiting for thee.

323 ETERNITY

Where will you spend eternity?
This question comes to you and me;
Tell me, what shall your answer be?
Where will you spend eternity?

Refrain:
Eternity! Eternity!
Where will you spend eternity?

Many are choosing Christ today,
Turning from all their sins away;
Heav'n shall their blessed portion be-
Where will you spend eternity?

Some leave the straight and narrow way,
Going the downward road today,
Sad will their final ending be-
Lost throughout all eternity!

Turn, and believe this very hour;
Trust in the Saviour's grace and pow'r;
Then shall your joyous answer be,
Saved throughout eternity!

324 O BE SAVED!

Sinner, how thy heart is troubled!
God is coming very near;
Do not hide thy deep emotion,
Do not check that falling tear.

Refrain:
O be saved, His grace is free!
O be saved, He died for thee!
O be saved, He died for thee!

Jesus now is bending o'er thee,
Jesus lowly, meek and mild;
To the friend who died to save thee
Wilt thou not be reconciled?

Art thou waiting till the morrow?
Thou may'st never see its light;
Come at once! accept His mer cy:
He is waiting- come tonight!

With a lowly, contrite spirit,
Kneeling at the Saviour's feet,
Thou canst feel, this very moment,
Pardon- precious, pure and sweet.

Let the angels bear the tidings
Upward to the courts of heav'n;
Let them sing, with holy rapture,
O'er another soul forgiv'n!

325 LOOK TO THE LAMB OF GOD

If you from sin are longing to be free,
Look to the Lamb of God;
He, to redeem you, died on Calvary,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Refrain:
Look to the Lamb of God,
Look to the Lamb of God,
For He alone is able to save you,
Look to the Lamb of God.

When Satan tempts, and doubts and fears assail,
Look to the Lamb of God;
You in His strength shall over all prevail,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Are you a-weary, does the way seem long?
Look to the Lamb of God;
His love will cheer and fill your heart with song,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Fear not when shadows on your pathway fall,
Look to the Lamb of God;
In joy or sorrow Christ is all in all,
Look to the Lamb of God.

326 FIX YOUR EYES UPON JESUS

Would you lose your load of sin?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;
Would you know God's peace within?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;

Refrain:
Jesus who on the cross did die,
Jesus who lives and reigns on high,
He alone can justify;
Fix your eyes upon Jesus.

Would you calmly walk the wave?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;
Would you know His pow'r to save?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;

Would you have your cares grow light?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;
Would you songs have in the night?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;

Would you strength in weakness have?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;
Would you see beyond the grave?
Fix your eyes upon Jesus;

327 THE HEM OF HIS GARMENT!

She only touched the hem of His garment
As to His side she stole,
Amid the crowd that gathered around Him,
And straightway she was whole.

Refrain:
O touch the hem of His garment
And thou, too, shalt be free;
His saving pow'r this very hour
Shall give new life to thee.

She came in fear and trembling before Him,
She knew her Lord had come;
She felt His virtue heal her that moment,
The mighty deed was done.

He turned with: "Daughter be of good comfort,
Thy faith hath made thee whole";
And peace that passeth all understanding
With gladness filled her soul.

328 MEET ME THERE

On the happy golden shore, Where the faithful part no more,
When the storms of life are o'er, Meet me there;
Where the night dissolves away Into pure and perfect day,
I am am going home to stay: Meet me there.

Refrain:
Meet me there, meet me there,
Where the tree of life is blooming, Meet me there.
When the storms of life are o'er, On the happy golden shore,
Where the faithful part no more, Meet me there.

Here our fondest hopes are vain; Dearest links are rent in twain;
But in heav'n no throb of pain- Meet me there;
By the river sparkling bright, In the city of delight,
Where our our faith is lost in sight, Meet me there.

Where the harps of angels ring, And the blest forever sing
In the palace of the King, Meet me there;
Where in sweet communion blend
Heart with heart, and friend with friend,
In a world that has no end, Meet me there.

329 LIFE AT BEST IS VERY BRIEF

Life at best is very brief,
Like the falling of a leaf,
Like the binding of a sheaf:
Be in time.
Fleeting days are telling fast
That the die will soon be cast,
And the fatal line be passed:
Be in time.

Refrain:
Be in time, be in time;
While the voice of Jesus calls you,
Be in time.
If in sin you longer wait,
You may find no open gate,
And your cry be just too late:
Be in time.

Fairest flowers soon decay,
Youth and beauty pass away;
O you have not long to stay:
Be in time.
While God's Spirit bids you come,
Sinner, do no longer roam,
Lest you seal your hopeless doom:
Be in time.

Sinner, heed the warning voice,
Make the Lord your final choice;
Then all heaven will rejoice:
Be in time.
Come from darkness into light;
Come, let Jesus make you right;
Come, and start for heaven tonight:
Be in time.

330 COME, LET US TO THE LORD OUR GOD

Come, let us to the Lord our God
With contrite hearts return;
Our God is gracious, nor will leave
The desolate to mourn.

His voice commands the tempest forth,
And stills the stormy wave;
And though his arm be strong to smite,
'Tis also strong to save.

Long hath the night of sorrow reigned;
The dawn shall bring us light:
God shall appear, and we shall rise
With gladness in his sight.

Our hearts, if God we seek to know,
Shall know him and rejoice;
His coming like the morn shall be,
Like morning songs his voice.

As dew upon the tender herb,
Diffusing fragrance round;
As show'rs that usher in the spring,
And cheer the thirsty ground.

So shall his presence bless our souls,
And shed a joyful light;
That hallowed morn shall chase away
The sorrows of the night.

331 ABLE TO SAVE

Whoever receiveth the crucified One,
Whoever believeth on God's only Son,
A free and a perfect salvation shall have;
For He is abundantly able to save.

Refrain:
My brother, the Master is calling for thee;
His grace and His mercy are wondrously free;
His blood as a ransom for sinners He gave,
And He is abundantly able to save.

Whoever receiveth the message of God,
And trusts in the pow'r of the soul cleansing blood,
A full and eternal redemption shall have:
For He is both able and willing to save.

Whoever repents and forsakes ev'ry sin,
And opens his heart for the Lord to come in,
A present and perfect salvation shall have:
For Jesus is ready this moment to save.

332 JUST AS I AM

Just as I am, without one plea
But that Thy blood was shed for me,
And that Thou bidd'st me come to Thee,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, and waiting not
To rid my soul of one dark blot,
To Thee, whose blood can cleanse each spot,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, tho' tossed about
With many many a conflict, many a doubt,
Fightings and fears within, without,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, poor, wretched, blind:
Sight, riches, healing of the mind,
Yea, all I need in Thee to find,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, Thou wilt receive,
Wilt welcome, pardon, cleanse, relieve;
Because Thy promise I believe,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am- Thy love unknown
Hath broken ev'ry barrier down;
Now to be Thine, yea, Thine alone,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

333 HOW SAD OUR STATE

How sad our state by nature is,
Our sin how deep it stains;
And Satan binds our captive minds
Fast in his slavish chains.
But there's a voice of sov'reign grace
Sounds from the sacred Word,
"Ho! ye despairing sinners come,
And trust upon the Lord."

My soul obeys th'almighty call,
And runs to this relief;
I would believe Thy promise, Lord;
O help my unbelief.
Unto the fountain of Thy blood,
Incarnate God, I fly;
Here let me wash my spotted soul
From crimes of deepest dye.

Stretch out Thine arm, victorious King,
My reigning sins subdue;
And drive the dragon from his seat,
With all his hellish crew.
A guilty weak and helpless worm,
On Thy kind arms I fall,
Be Thou my strength and righteousness,
My Jesus, and my all.

334 MY SAVIOUR'S LOVE

I stand amazed in the presence
Of Jesus the Nazarene,
And wonder how He could love me,
A sinner, condemned, unclean.

Refrain:
How marvelous! how wonderful!
And my song shall ever be:
How marvelous! how wonderful
Is my Saviour's love to me!

For me it was in the garden He prayed:
"Not My will but Thine";
He had no tears for His own griefs,
But sweatdrops of blood for mine.

He took my sins and my sorrows,
He made them His very own;
He bore the burden to Calvary,
And suffered and died alone.

When with the ransomed in glory
His face I at last shall see,
'Twill be my joy through the ages
To sing of His love for me.

335 AND CAN IT BE?

And can it be that I should gain
An int'rest in the Saviour's blood?
Died He for me, who caused His pain?
For me, who Him to death pursued?
Amazing love! how can it be
That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?
Amazing love! how can it be
That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?

'Tis mystery all! Th'Immortal dies!
Who can can explore His strange design?
In vain the firstborn seraph tries
To sound the depths of love divine!
'Tis mercy all! let earth adore,
Let angel minds inquire no more.
'Tis mercy all! let earth adore,
Let angel minds inquire no more.

He left His Father's throne above-
So free, so infinite His grace-
Humbled Himself in matchless love
And bled for Adam's helpless race;
'Tis mercy all, immense and free,
For, O my God, it found out me!
'Tis mercy all, immense and free,
For, O my God, it found out me!

Long my imprisoned spirit lay
Fast bound bound in sin and nature's night;
Thine eye diffused a quick'ning ray,
I woke, the dungeon flamed with light;
My chains fell off, my heart was free,
I rose, went forth, and followed Thee.
My chains fell off, my heart was free,
I rose, went forth, and followed Thee.

No condemnation now I dread;
Jesus, and all in Him, is mine!
Alive in Him, my living Head,
And clothed in righteousness divine,
Bold I approach th'eternal throne,
And claim the crown, through Christ my own.
Bold I approach th'eternal throne,
And claim the crown, through Christ my own.

336 THE KING OF LOVE MY SHEPHERD IS

The King of love my Shepherd is,
Whose goodness faileth never;
I nothing lack if I am His,
And He is mine forever.

Where streams of living water flow
My ransomed soul He leadeth,
And where the verdant pastures grow,
With food celestial feedeth.

Perverse and foolish oft I strayed,
But yet in love He sought me,
And on His shoulder gently laid,
And home rejoicing brought me.

In death's dark vale I fear no ill
With Thee, dear Lord, beside me;
Thy rod and staff my comfort still,
Thy cross before to guide me.

Thou spread'st a table in my sight;
Thine unction grace bestoweth;
And O the transport of delight
With which my cup o'erfloweth!

And so through all the length of days
Thy goodness faileth never:
Good Shepherd, may I sing Thy praise
Within Thy house forever!

337 FROM DEPTHS OF WOE

From depths of woe I cry to Thee,
Lord hear me, I implore Thee.
Bend down Thy gracious ear to me,
My prayer let come before Thee.
Lord, since Thy searching eye doth see
Our sin and our iniquity,
Lord, who can stand before Thee?

To gain remission of our sin,
Thy grace alone availeth;
Thy favor we may strive to win,
But all our labor faileth;
No man can glory in Thy sight,
All must alike confess Thy might,
And live alone by mercy.

Though great our sins and sore our woes
His grace much more aboundeth;
His helping love no limit knows,
Our utmost need it soundeth.
Our Shepherd good He is indeed,
His own lost sheep to seek and lead
With tender love and pity.

My hope I rest then on the Lord,
And build not on my merit;
My heart shall trust His gracious Word
To stay my fainting spirit.
His precious Word assureth me
He will my Joy and comfort be;
This is my firm reliance.

338 LORD, I'M COMING HOME

I've wandered far away from God:
Now I'm coming home;
The paths of sin too long I've trod:
Lord, I'm coming home.

Refrain:
Coming home, coming home,
Nevermore to roam;
Open wide Thine arms of love:
Lord, I'm coming home.

I've wasted many precious years:
Now I'm coming home;
I now repent with bitter tears:
Lord, I'm coming home.

I'm tired of sin and straying, Lord:
Now I'm coming home;
I'll trust Thy love, believe Thy Word;
Lord, I'm coming home.

My soul is sick, my heart is sore:
Now I'm coming home;
My strength renew, my hope restore:
Lord, I'm coming home.

My only hope, my only plea:
Now I'm coming home;
That Jesus died, and died for me:
Lord, I'm coming home.

I need His cleansing blood, I know:
Now I'm coming home;
O wash me whiter than the snow:
Lord, I'm coming home.

339 GLORY TO HIS NAME!

Down at the cross where my Saviour died,
Down where for cleansing from sin I cried,
There to my heart was the blood applied;
Glory to His Name!

Refrain:
Glory to His Name!
Glory to His Name!
There to my heart was the blood applied;
Glory to His Name!

I am so wondrously saved from sin;
Jesus so sweetly abides within;
There at the cross where He took me in;
Glory to His Name!

O precious fountain that saves from sin;
I am so glad I have entered in;
Here Jesus saves me and keeps me clean;
Glory to His Name!

Come to this fountain so rich and sweet;
Cast thy poor soul at the Saviour's feet;
Plunge in today and be made complete;
Glory to His Name!

340 I HEAR THY WELCOME VOICE

I hear Thy welcome voice
That calls me, Lord, to Thee,
For cleansing in Thy precious blood
That flowed on Calvary.

Refrain:
I am coming, Lord,
Coming now to Thee:
Wash me, cleanse me in the blood
That flowed on Calvary.

Though coming weak and vile,
Thou dost my strength assure;
Thou dost my vileness fully cleanse,
Till spotless all and pure.

'Tis Jesus calls me on
To perfect faith and love,
To perfect hope and peace and trust,
For earth and heav'n above.

'Tis Jesus who confirms
The blessed work within,
By adding grace to welcomed grace,
Where reigned the pow'r of sin.

All hail, atoning blood!
All hail, redeeming grace!
All hail, the gift of Christ our Lord,
Our strength and righteousness.

341 CLEANSING FOR ME

Lord, thro' the Blood of the Lamb that was slain
Cleansing for me, cleansing for me!
From all the guilt of my sins now I claim
Cleansing from Thee, cleansing from Thee.
Sinful and black tho' the past may have been,
Many the crushing defeats I have seen,
Yet on Thy promise, O Lord, now I lean:
Cleansing for me, for me!

From all the sins over which I have wept
Cleansing for me, cleansing for me!
Far, far away, by the Blood- current swept;
Cleansing for me, cleansing for me!
Jesus, Thy promise I dare to believe,
And as I come Thou dost now me receive,
That over sin I may never more grieve:
Cleansing for me, for me!

From all the doubts that have filled me with gloom
Cleansing for me, cleansing for me!
From all the fears that would point me to doom
Cleansing for me, cleansing for me!
Jesus, altho' I may not understand,
In child-like faith now I put forth my hand,
And thro' Thy Word and Thy grace I shall stand,
Cleansed by Thee, by Thee.

From all the care of what men think or say
Cleansing for me, cleansing for me!
From ever fearing to speak, sing, or pray
Cleansing for me, cleansing for me!
Lord, in Thy love and Thy pow'r make me strong,
That all may know that to Thee I belong;
When I am tempted, let this be my song:
Cleansing for me, for me!

342 WHEN THIS PASSING WORLD IS DONE

When this passing world is done,
When has sunk yon radiant sun,
When I stand with Christ on high,
Looking o'er life's history,
Then, Lord, shall I fully know,
Not till then, how much I owe.

When I stand before the throne,
Dressed in beauty not my own,
When I see Thee as Thou art,
Love Thee with unsinning heart,
Then, Lord, shall I fully know,
Not till then, how much I owe.

Chosen not for good in me,
Wakened up from wrath to flee,
Hidden in the Saviour's side,
By the Spirit sanctified,
Teach me, Lord, on earth to show
By my love how much I owe.

Oft I walk beneath a cloud,
Dark as midnight's gloomy shroud;
But, when fear is at its height,
Jesus comes, and all is light;
Blessed Jesus, bid me show
Doubting saints how much I owe.

When the praise of heav'n I hear,
Loud as thunders to the ear,
Loud as many waters' noise,
Sweet as harp's melodious voice,
Then, Lord, shall I fully know,
Not till then, how much I owe.

343 COMING HOME!

Vile and sinful though my heart may be,
Fully trusting, Lord, I come to Thee;
Thou hast pow'r to cleanse and make me free:
I am coming home.

Refrain:
Coming home, Coming home,
No longer in the path of sin to roam;
I'm coming home, coming home,
Lord Jesus, I am coming home.

Like a father seeks a wayward child,
Thou hast sought me o'er the desert wild;
Sick and helpless by my sin defiled,
I am coming home.

Pleading tenderly, Thy voice I hear;
Why should I refuse a Friend so dear?
Thou wilt take away my guilt and fear;
I am coming home.

Precious blood of Jesus, may its flow
Cleanse from evil, wash me white as snow;
There is hope alone in Thee, I know;
I am coming home.

344 JESUS, I COME

Out of my bondage, sorrow and night,
Jesus, I come; Jesus, I come;
Into Thy freedom, gladness and light,
Jesus, I come to Thee.
Out of my sickness into Thy health,
Out of my want and into Thy wealth,
Out of my sin and into Thyself,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of my shameful failure and loss,
Jesus, I come; Jesus, I come;
Into the glorious gain of Thy cross,
Jesus, I come to Thee.
Out of earth's sorrows into Thy balm,
Out of life's storm and into Thy calm,
Out of distress to jubilant psalm,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of the fear and dread of the tomb,
Jesus, I come; Jesus, I come;
Into the joy and light of Thy home,
Jesus, I come to Thee.
Out of the depths of ruin untold,
Into the peace of Thy sheltering fold,
Ever Thy glorious face to behold,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

345 PASS ME NOT, O GENTLE SAVIOUR

Pass me not, O gentle Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Refrain:
Saviour! Saviour!
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Let me at Thy throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

Trusting only in Thy merit,
Would I seek Thy face;
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

Thou the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me,
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav'n but Thee?

346 THE CLEANSING WAVE

O now I see the cleansing wave,
The fountain deep and wide!
Jesus, my Lord, with pow'r to save,
Points to His wounded side.

Refrain:
The cleansing stream, I see, I see!
I plunge, and O it cleanseth me!
O praise the Lord! it cleanseth me;
It cleanseth me, yes, cleanseth me.

I see the new creation rise;
I hear the speaking blood!
It speaks; polluted nature dies!
Sinks 'neath the cleansing flood.

I rise to walk in heav'n's own light,
Above the world and sin,
With heart made pure and garments white,
And Christ enthroned within.

Amazing grace! 'tis heav'n below
To feel the blood applied;
And Jesus, only Jesus, know,
My Jesus crucified.

347 NOT WHAT THESE HANDS HAVE DONE

Not what these hands have done,
Can save this guilty soul;
Not what this toiling flesh has borne,
Can make my spirit whole.

Refrain:
Thy work alone, my Saviour,
Can ease this weight of sin;
Thy blood alone, O Lamb of God,
Can give me peace within.

Not what I feel or do,
Can give me peace with God;
Not all my prayers, or sighs, or tears,
Can ease my awful load.

Thy love to me, O God,
Not mine, O Lord, to Thee,
Can rid me of this dark unrest,
And set my spirit free.

No other work save Thine,
No meaner blood, will do;
No strength, save that which is divine,
Can bear me safely through.

I praise the God of grace,
I trust His love and might;
He calls me His, I call Him mine;
My God, my joy, my light!

348 SINCE JESUS CAME INTO MY HEART

What a wonderful change in my life has been wrought
Since Jesus came into my heart;
I have light in my soul for which long I had sought,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

Refrain:
Since Jesus came into my heart,
Since Jesus came into my heart,
Floods of joy o'er my soul like the sea billows roll,
Since Jesus came into my heart.

I have ceased from my wand'ring and going astray,
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And my sins, which were many, are all washed away,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

I'm possessed of a hope that is steadfast and sure
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And no dark clouds of doubt now my pathway obscure
Since Jesus came into my heart!

There's a light in the valley of death now for me,
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And the gates of the City beyond I can see,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

I shall go there to dwell in that City, I know,
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And I'm happy, so happy, as onward I go,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

349 NEAR THE CROSS

Jesus, keep me near the cross,
There a precious fountain,
Free to all, a healing stream,
Flows from Calvary's mountain.

Refrain:
In the cross, in the cross
Be my glory ever,
Till my ransomed soul shall find
Rest beyond the river.

Near the cross, a trembling soul,
Love and mercy found me;
There the bright and morning Star
Shed its beams around me.

Near the cross! O Lamb of God,
Bring its scenes before me;
Help me walk from day to day,
With its shadow o'er me.

Near the cross I'll watch and wait,
Hoping, trusting ever,
Till I reach the golden strand,
Just beyond the river.

350 WHAT A WONDERFUL SAVIOUR!

Christ has for sin atonement made,
What a wonderful Saviour!
We are redeemed! the price is paid!
What a wonderful Saviour!

Refrain:
What a wonderful Saviour is Jesus, my Jesus!
What a wonderful Saviour is Jesus, my Lord!

I praise Him for His cleansing blood,
What a wonderful Saviour!
That reconciled my soul to God;
What a wonderful Saviour!

He cleansed my heart from all its sin,
What a wonderful Saviour!
And now He reigns and rules therein;
What a wonderful Saviour!

He gives me overcoming pow'r,
What a wonderful Saviour!
And triumph in each trying hour;
What a wonderful Saviour!

To Him I've given all my heart,
What a wonderful Saviour!
The world shall never share a part;
What a wonderful Saviour!

351 I LAY MY SINS ON JESUS

I lay my sins on Jesus,
The spotless Lamb of God;
He bears them all and frees us
From the accursed load.
I bring my guilt to Jesus,
To wash my crimson stains
White in His blood most precious,
Till not a spot remains.

I lay my wants on Jesus,
All fulness dwells in Him;
He heals all my diseases,
He doth my soul redeem.
I lay my griefs on Jesus,
My burdens and my cares;
He from them all releases,
He all my sorrow shares.

I rest my soul on Jesus,
This weary soul of mine;
His right hand me embraces,
I on His breast recline.
I love the name of Jesus,
Immanuel, Christ, the Lord;
Like fragrance on the breezes
His Name abroad is poured.

I long to be like Jesus,
Meek, loving, lowly, mild;
I long to be like Jesus,
The Father's Holy Child.
I long to be with Jesus,
Amid the heav'nly throng,
To sing with saints His praises,
To learn the angels' song.

352 LIKE A RIVER GLORIOUS

Like a river glorious Is God's perfect peace,
Over all victorious In its bright increase;
Perfect yet it floweth Fuller every day;
Perfect, yet it groweth Deeper all the way.

Refrain:
Stayed upon Jehovah Hearts are fully blest,
Finding, as He promised, Perfect peace and rest.

Hidden in the hollow Of His blessed hand,
Never foe can follow, Never traitor stand;
Not a surge of worry, Not a shade of care,
Not a blast of hurry Touch the spirit there.

Every joy or trial Falleth from above,
Traced upon our dial By the Sun of Love:
We may trust Him fully All for us to do;
They who trust Him wholly Find Him wholly true.

353 HE LIFTED ME

In lovingkindness Jesus came,
My soul in mercy to reclaim,
And from the depths of sin and shame
Thro' grace He lifted me.

Refrain:
From sinking sand He lifted me;
With tender hand He lifted me;
From shades of night to plains of light,
O praise His Name, He lifted me!

He called me long before I heard,
Before my sinful heart was stirred;
But when I took Him at His word,
Forgiven He lifted me.

His brow was pierced with many a thorn,
His hands by cruel nails were torn,
When from my guilt and grief, forlorn,
In love He lifted me.

Now on a higher plane I dwell,
And with my soul I know 'tis well;
Yet how or why, I cannot tell,
He should have lifted me.

354 CEASELESS PRAISE

For all the Lord has done for me
I never will cease to praise Him;
And for His grace so rich and free
I never will cease to praise Him.

Refrain:
I never will cease to praise Him,
My Saviour, my Saviour;
I never will cease to praise Him,
He's done so much for me.

He gives me strength for ev'ry day,
I never will cease to praise Him;
He leads and guides me all the way,
I never will cease to praise Him.

Although the world His love neglect,
I never will cease to praise Him;
I could not such a friend reject,
I never will cease to praise Him.

He saves me ev'ry day and hour,
I never will cease to praise Him;
Just now I feel His cleansing pow'r,
I never will cease to praise Him.

While on my journey here below,
I never will cease to praise Him;
And when to that bright world I go,
I never will cease to praise Him.

355 THE HALF HAS NEVER YET BEEN TOLD

I know I love Thee better, Lord,
Than any earthly joy;
For Thou hast given me the peace
Which nothing can destroy.

Refrain:
The half has never yet been told,
Of love so full and free;
The half has never yet been told,
The blood, it cleanseth me!

I know that Thou art nearer still
Than any earthly throng;
And sweeter is the thought of Thee
Than any lovely song.

Thou hast put gladness in my heart;
Then may I well be glad!
Without the secret of Thy love
I could not but be sad.

O Saviour, precious Saviour mine!
What will Thy presence be,
If such a life of joy can crown
Our walk on earth with Thee!

356 I LOVE HIM

Gone from my heart the world with all its charm;
Now thro' the blood I'm saved from sin's alarm;
Down at the cross my heart is bending low,
The precious blood of Jesus washes white as snow.

Refrain:
I love Him, I love Him, because He first loved me,
And purchased my salvation on Mount Calvary.

Once I was far away, deep down in sin,
Once was a slave to passions fierce within;
Once was afraid to meet an angry God,
But now I'm cleansed from ev'ry stain thro' Jesus' blood.

Once I was bound, but now I am set free,
Once I was blind, but now the light I see;
Once I was dead, but now in God I live,
And tell the world around the peace that He doth give.

357 ALL THAT THRILLS MY SOUL IS JESUS

Who can cheer the heart like Jesus,
By His presence all divine?
True and tender, pure and precious,
O how blest to call Him mine!

Refrain:
All that thrills my soul is Jesus;
He is more than life to me;
And the fairest of ten thousand
In my blessed Lord I see.

Love of Christ so freely given,
Grace of God beyond degree,
Mercy higher than the heaven,
Deeper than the deepest sea!

What a wonderful redemption!
Never can a mortal know
How my sin, tho' red like crimson,
Can be whiter than the snow.

Ev'ry need His hand supplying,
Ev'ry good in Him I see;
On His strength divine relying,
He is all in all to me.

By the crystal flowing river
With the ransomed I will sing,
And forever and forever
Praise and glorify the King.

358 NOT A DISAPPOINTMENT

He is not a disappointment;
Christ has saved my soul from sin;
All the guilt and all the anguish
Which oppressed my heart within.
He has banished, by His presence,
All that stole my inner peace;
And He gives me full assurance
That His love will never cease.

He is not a disappointment;
Christ doth sanctify my soul,
Cleanse me from my heart corruption,
Purify and make me whole;
He removed the sinward proneness,
Stamps His image in its place,
For He wins me by the beauty
And unveiling of His face.

He is not a disappointment;
Christ is coming by and by;
In my heart I have the witness
That the day is drawing nigh.
All the scoffers may despise me
And no change around may see;
But He tells me He is coming,
And His Word assureth me.

He is not a disappointment;
Christ is all in all to me-
Saviour, Sanctifier, Sov'reign-
The unchanging God is He;
He has won my heart's devotion,
And He meets my ev'ry need;
He is not a disappointment,
For He satisfies indeed.

359 SINGING I GO

The trusting heart to Jesus clings,
Nor any ill forbodes,
But at the cross of Calv'ry sings:
Praise God for lifted loads!

Refrain:
Singing I go along life's road,
Praising the Lord, praising the Lord;
Singing I go along life's road,
For Jesus has lifted my load.

The passing days bring many cares;
"Fear not," I hear Him say;
And when my fears are turned to prayers,
The burdens slip away.

He tells me of my Father's love
And neverslumb'ring eye;
My everlasting King above
Will all my needs supply.

When to the throne of grace I flee,
I find the promise true;
The mighty arms upholding me
Will bear my burdens too.

360 WHEN WE ALL GET TO HEAVEN

Sing the wondrous love of Jesus,
Sing His mercy and His grace;
In the mansions bright and blessed,
He'll prepare for us a place.

Refrain:
When we all get to heaven,
What a day of rejoicing that will be!
When we all see Jesus,
We'll sing and shout the victory.

While we walk the pilgrim pathway,
Clouds will overspread the sky;
But when trav'ling days are over,
Not a shadow, not a sigh.

Let us, then, be true and faithful,
Trusting, serving ev'ry day;
Just one glimpse of Him in glory
Will the toils of earth repay.

Onward to the prize before us!
Soon His beauty we'll behold;
Soon the pearly gates will open,
We shall tread the streets of gold.

361 JESUS LOVES EVEN ME

I am so glad that our Father in heav'n
Tells of His love in the Book He has given;
Wonderful things in the Bible I see;
This is the dearest, that Jesus loves me.

Refrain:
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me;
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves even me.

Though I forget Him and wander away,
Still He doth love me wherever I stray;
Back to His dear loving arms would I flee,
When I remember that Jesus loves me.

Jesus loves me and I know I love Him,
Love sent Him down my poor soul to redeem;
Yes, it was love made Him die on the tree,
O I am certain that Jesus loves me.

If one should ask of me, how can I tell?
Glory to Jesus, I know very well!
God's Holy Spirit with mine doth agree,
Constantly witnessing, Jesus loves me.

Oh, if there's only one song I can sing,
When in His beauty I see the great King,
This shall my song in eternity be:
"O what a wonder that Jesus loves me!"

362 ROCK OF AGES, CLEFT FOR ME

Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy riven side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure,
Cleanse me from its guilt and pow'r.

Not the labors of my hands
Can fulfill Thy law's demands;
Could my zeal no respite know,
Could my tears forever flow,
All for sin could not atone:
Thou must save, and Thou alone.

Nothing in my hand I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling;
Naked, come to Thee for dress;
Helpless, look to Thee for grace;
Foul, I to the fountain fly;
Wash me, Saviour, or I die.

While I draw this fleeting breath,
When my eyelids close in death,
When I soar to worlds unknown,
See Thee on Thy judgment throne;
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

Then above the world and sin,
Thro' the veil, drawn right within,
I shall see Him face to face,
Sing the story, saved by grace,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me ever be with Thee.

363 WHAT THINK YE OF CHRIST?

"What think ye of Christ?" is the test
To try both your state and your scheme;
You cannot be right in the rest
Unless you think rightly of Him.
As Jesus appears in your view-
As He is beloved or not-
So God is disposed to you,
And mercy or wrath is your lot.

Some take Him a creature to be-
A man, or an angel at most;
But they have not feelings like me,
Nor know themselves wretched and lost;
So guilty, so helpless am I,
I durst not confide in His blood
Nor on His protection rely,
Unless I were sure He is God.

Some call Him a Saviour in word,
But mix their own works with His plan;
And hope He His help will afford
When they have done all that they can:
If doings prove rather too light
(Admitting their efforts may fail),
They purpose to make up full weight
By casting His name in the scale.

Some call Him "the pearl of great price"
And say He's the fountain of joys;
Yet feed upon folly and vice,
And cleave to the world and its toys;
Like Judas the Saviour they kiss,
And while they salute Him, betray;
O what will profession like this
Avail in His terrible day?

If asked what of Jesus I think,
Tho' still my best thoughts are but poor,
I'll say He's my meat and my drink,
My life, and my strength, and my store!
My husband, my trust and my friend,
My Saviour from sin and death's gall,
My hope from beginning to end,
My portion, my Lord, and my all.

364 THE WAY OF THE CROSS LEADS HOME

I must needs go home by the way of the cross,
There's no other way but this;
I shall ne'er get sight of the gates of light
If the way of the cross I miss.

Refrain:
The way of the cross leads home,
The way of the cross leads home;
It is sweet to know, as I onward go,
The way of the cross leads home.

I must needs go on in the bloodsprinkled way,
The path that the Saviour trod,
If I ever climb to the heights sublime,
Where the soul is at home with God.

Then I bid farewell to the way of the world,
To walk in it nevermore;
For my Lord says, "Come," and I seek my home,
Where He waits at the open door.

365 HEAVEN CAME DOWN

O what a wonderful, wonderful day-
Day I will never forget;
After I'd wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my Saviour I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend-
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart.

Refrain:
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul,
When at the cross the Saviour made me whole;
My sins were washed away, and my night was turned to day-
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul.

Born of the Spirit with life from above
Into God's family divine,
Justified fully thro' Calvary's love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made,
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer of grace He did proffer-
He saved me, O praise His dear Name!

Now I've a hope that will surely endure
After the passing of time;
I have a future in heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it's because of that wonderful day,
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal
From His precious hand I received.

366 SPRINGS OF LIVING WATER

I thirsted in the barren land of sin and shame,
And nothing satisfying there I found;
But to the blessed cross of Christ one day I came,
Where springs of living water did abound.

Refrain:
Drinking at the springs of living water,
Happy now am I; my soul they satisfy.
Drinking at the springs of living water,
O wonderful and bountiful supply!

How sweet the living water from the hills of God!
It makes me glad and happy all the way.
Now glory, grace, and blessing mark the path I've trod;
I'm shouting "Hallelujah!" all the way.

O sinner, won't you come today to Calvary?
A fountain there is flowing deep and wide.
The Saviour now invites you to the water free,
Where thirsting spirits can be satisfied.

367 GIVE HIM THE GLORY

It was down at the feet of Jesus,
O the happy, happy day!
That my soul found peace in believing,
And my my sins were washed away.

Refrain:
Let me tell the old, old story
Of His grace so full and free,
For I feel like giving Him the glory
For His wondrous love to me.

It was down at the feet of Jesus,
Where I found such perfect rest;
Where the light first dawned on my spirit,
And my my soul was truly blest.

It was down at the feet of Jesus,
Where I brought my guilt and sin,
That He cancelled all my transgressions,
And salvation salvation entered in.

368 SUNSHINE IN MY SOUL

There is sunshine in my soul today,
More glorious and bright
Than glows in any earthly sky,
For Jesus is my light.

Refrain:
O there's sunshine, blessed sunshine,
When the peaceful, happy moments roll;
When Jesus shows His smiling face,
There is sunshine in my soul.

There is music in my soul today,
A carol to my King;
And Jesus, listening, can hear
The song I cannot sing.

There is springtime in my soul today,
For when the Lord is near,
The dove of peace sings in my heart,
The flow'rs of grace appear.

There is gladness in my soul today,
And hope, and praise, and love,
For blessings which He gives me now,
For joys laid up above.

369 IN MY HEART THERE RINGS A MELODY

I have a song that Jesus gave me,
It was sent from heav'n above;
There never was a sweeter melody,
'Tis a melody of love.

Refrain:
In my heart there rings a melody,
There rings a melody with heaven's harmony;
In my heart there rings a melody,
There rings a melody of love.

I love the Christ who died on Calv'ry,
For He washed my sins away;
He put within my heart a melody,
And I know it's there to stay.

'Twill be my endless theme in glory,
With the angels I will sing;
'Twill be a song with glorious harmony,
When the courts of heaven ring.

370 FROM WHENCE THIS FEAR AND UNBELIEF?

From whence this fear and unbelief?
Hath not the Father put to grief
His spotless Son for me?
And will the righteous Judge of men
Condemn me for that debt of sin
Which, Lord, was charged on Thee?

Complete atonement Thou hast made,
And to the utmost Thou hast paid
Whate'er Thy people owed;
How then can wrath on me take place,
If sheltered in Thy righteousness,
And sprinkled with Thy blood?

If thou hast my discharge procured,
And freely in my room endured
The whole of wrath divine;
Payment God cannot twice demand,
First at my bleeding Surety's hand,
And then again at mine.

Turn then, my soul, unto thy rest!
The merits of thy great High Priest
Have bought thy liberty;
Trust in His efficacious blood,
Nor fear thy banishment from God,
Since Jesus died for thee.

371 IT IS WELL WITH MY SOUL

When peace, like a river, attendeth my way,
When sorrows like sea billows roll;
Whatever my lot, Thou hast taught me to say,
"It is well, it is well with my soul."

Refrain:
It is well with my soul,
It is well, it is well with my soul.

Though Satan should buffet, though trials should come,
Let this blest assurance control,
That Christ hath regarded my helpless estate,
And hath shed His own blood for my soul.

My sin- oh, the bliss of this glorious thought-
My sin, not in part, but the whole,
Is nailed to His cross, and I bear it no more!
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, O my soul!

And, Lord, haste the day when the faith shall be sight,
The clouds be rolled back as a scroll,
The trump shall resound, and the Lord shall descend!
Even so- it is well with my soul!

372 THE HAVEN OF REST

My soul in sad exile was out on life's sea,
So burdened with sin and distressed,
Till I heard a sweet voice saying, "Make Me your choice,"
And I entered the haven of rest.

Refrain:
I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest,
I'll sail the wide seas no more;
The tempest may sweep o'er the wild, stormy deep;
In Jesus I'm safe evermore.

I yielded myself to His tender embrace,
And, faith taking hold of the word,
My fetters fell off, and I anchored my soul;
The haven of rest is my Lord.

The song of my soul, since the Lord made me whole,
Has been the old story so blest Of Jesus,
who'll save whosoever will have
A home in the haven of rest.

How precious the thought that we all may recline,
Like John, the beloved and blest,
On Jesus' strong arm, where no tempest can harm,
Secure in the haven of rest.

O come to the Saviour, He patiently waits
To save by His power divine;
Come, anchor your soul in the haven of rest,
And say, "My Beloved is mine."

373 SAVED THROUGH JESUS' BLOOD

Some day we'll stand before the judgment bar,
The quick, the risen dead;
The Lord will then make known the record there;
Our names will all be read.

Refrain:
I'll be present when the roll is called,
Pure and spotless thro' the crimson flood;
I will answer when they call my name:
Saved thro' Jesus' blood.

I'll then receive a bright and starry crown,
As only God can give:
And when I've been with Him ten thousand years
I'll have no less to live.

Then we shall meet, never to part again,
Our toil will then be o'er;
We'll lay our burdens down at Jesus' feet
And rest forever more.

374 HE KEEPS ME SINGING

There's within my heart a melody,
Jesus whispers sweet and low,
"Fear not, I am with thee, peace, be still,"
In all of life's ebb and flow.

Refrain:
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus-
Sweetest name I know,
Fills my ev'ry longing,
Keeps me singing as I go.

All my life was wrecked by sin and strife,
Discord filled my heart with pain,
Jesus swept across the broken strings,
Stirred the slumb'ring chords again.

Feasting on the riches of His grace,
Resting 'neath His shelt'ring wing,
Always looking on His smiling face,
That is why I shout and sing.

Tho' sometimes He leads thro' waters deep,
Trials fall across the way,
Tho' sometimes the path seems rough and steep,
See His footprints all the way.

Soon He's coming back to welcome me
Far beyond the starry sky;
I shall wing my flight to worlds unknown,
I shall reign with Him on high.

375 JESUS IS PRECIOUS

Peace like a river is flooding my soul,
Since Christ, my Saviour, maketh me whole;
Sweet peace abiding my portion shall be;
Jesus, my Saviour, is precious to me.

Refrain:
Precious to me, Precious is He;
Jesus shall ever be precious to me.

Joy is abounding; my heart gaily sings,
Cleave I the heavens, mount up on wings;
Christ hath exalted, my soul He set free:
Jesus, my Saviour, is precious to me.

O precious Jesus, how lovely Thou art!
Come and abiding rule in my heart;
Break ev'ry fetter, Thy face let me see;
Then thou shalt ever be precious to me.

376 O THE PEACE MY SAVIOUR GIVES

Once I thought I walked with Jesus,
Yet such changeful moods I had:
Sometimes trusting, sometimes doubting,
Sometimes joyful, sometimes sad.

Refrain:
O the peace my Saviour gives,
Peace I never knew before;
For my way has brighter grown,
Since I learned to trust Him more.

For He called me closer to Him,
Bade my doubting tremors cease;
And when I had fully trusted,
Filled my soul with perfect peace.

Now I'm trusting ev'ry moment,
Less than this is not enough;
And my Saviour bears me gently
O'er the places once so rough.

Blessed Saviour, Thou dost keep me
By Thy pow'r from day to day,
And my heart is full of gladness,
For Thou'lt keep me all the way.

377 PEACE, SWEET PEACE

There comes to my heart one sweet strain,
A glad and a joyous refrain,
I sing it again and again,
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

Refrain:
Peace, peace, sweet peace,
Wonderful gift from above;
O wonderful, wonderful peace,
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

By Christ on the cross peace was made,
My debt by His death was all paid,
No other foundation is laid
For peace, the gift of God's love.

When Jesus as Lord I had crowned,
My heart with this peace did abound;
In Him the rich blessing I found,
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

In Jesus for peace I abide,
And as I keep close to His side,
There's nothing but peace doth betide,
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

378 BEULAH LAND

I've reached the land of corn and wine,
And all its riches freely mine;
Here shines undimmed one blissful day,
For all my night has passed away.

Refrain:
O Beulah Land, sweet Beulah Land,
As on the highest mount I stand,
I look away across the sea,
Where mansions are prepared for me,
And view the shining glory shore,
My heav'n, my home, forevermore!

My Saviour comes and walks with me
And sweet communion here have we;
He gently leads me by His hand,
For this is heaven's borderland.

A sweet perfume upon the breeze
Is borne from eververnal trees,
And flow'rs that neverfading grow,
Where streams of life forever flow.

The zephyrs seem to float to me
Sweet sound of heaven's melody,
As angels with the white-robed throng
Join in the sweet redemption song.

379 THE JOY-BELLS RINGING

O bless the Lord, He cleans'd my soul,
And filled my lips with singing;
He came into my sinful heart,
And set the joybells ringing.

Refrain:
O praise the Lord, He first loved me!
I feel new life upspringing;
He came into my sinful heart
And set the joybells ringing.

He placed my feet upon the Rock,
The only sure foundation;
He shows me wonders of His grace,
The blessings of salvation.

His promise is for all the days,
His love for me is caring;
While in the Father's house above,
A mansion He's preparing.

His love is calling, seeking still,
Come, ev'ry burden bringing;
The touch of Christ within your heart
Will set the joy-bells ringing.

380 I LOVE TO TELL THE STORY

I love to tell the story Of unseen things above,
Of Jesus and His glory, Of Jesus and His love.
I love to tell the the story Because I know 'tis true;
It satisfies my longing As nothing else can do.

Refrain:
I love to tell the story;
'Twill be my theme in glory
To tell the old, old story
Of Jesus and His love.

I love to tell the story, More wonderful it seems
Than all the golden fancies Of all our golden dreams.
I love to tell the the story, It did so much for me;
And that is just the reason I tell it now to thee.

I love to tell the story, 'Tis pleasant to repeat
What seems, each time I tell it, More wonderfully sweet.
I love to tell the the story, For some have never heard
The message of salvation From God's own Holy Word.

I love to tell the story, For those who know it best
Seem hungering and thirsting To hear it like the rest.
And when, in scenes of of glory, I sing the new, new song,
'Twill be the old, old story That I have loved so long.

381 WORTHY IS THE LAMB!

Worthy, worthy is the Lamb,
Worthy, worthy is the Lamb,
Worthy, worthy is the Lamb
That was slain.

Refrain:
Praise Him, hallelujah!
Praise Him, hallelujah!
Praise Him, hallelujah!
Praise the Lamb.

We the crown of life shall wear,
We the palm of vict'ry bear,
All our Father's blessings share
In the Lamb.

And when landed safe above
In the kingdom of His love,
We shall all the fullness prove
Of the Lamb.

Now revive Thy work, O Lord,
By Thy Spirit and Thy Word;
Now revive Thy work, O Lord,
Thro' the Lamb.

Strike the stoutest sinner thro',
Start the cry, "What must I do?"
Make him weep till born anew
Thro' the Lamb.

382 SWEETER AS THE DAYS GO BY

The dear old story of a Saviour's love
Is sweeter sweeter as the days go by;
The glad assurance of a home above
Is sweeter as the days go by.

Refrain:
We'll fill the days with joyful praise,
We'll sing as the happy moments fly;
The song of love to Him above
Grows sweeter as the days go by.

The sunbeams shining from the living Light
Are brighter brighter as the days go by;
The stars of promise cheering sorrow's night
Are brighter as the days go by.

Hope's anchor, holding in the stormy strife,
Is stronger stronger as the days go by;
We feel the throbbings of immortal life
Grow stronger as the days go by.

The peace that Jesus gives to us anew
Is grander deeper as the days go by;
The prospects op'ning to the Christian's view
Are grander as the days go by.

383 SINGING GLORY

I've something in my heart that Jesus gave to me,
It makes me feel like singing glory all the day;
He found my captive soul and gave me liberty,
And now I feel like singing glory!

Refrain:
He makes the path grow brighter ev'ry passing day;
He makes the burden lighter, all along the way;
His Word is my delight, His will I now obey,
And all the time I'm singing glory!

My Saviour loosed my tongue that I might speak His praise;
Since then I have been singing glory all the day;
I love to tell the lost of Jesus and His ways,
And O it keeps me singing glory!

My Saviour took my feet from out the miry clay;
Since then I have been singing glory all the day:
He placed them on the Rock that shall not pass away-
I cannot keep from singing glory!

O weary heart and sad, O heavyladen soul,
If you would feel like singing glory all the day,
Just let the Saviour in, and let Him take control;
Then you will feel like singing glory!

384 MY JESUS, I LOVE THEE

My Jesus, I love Thee, I know Thou art mine;
For Thee all the follies of sin I resign;
My gracious Redeemer, my Saviour art Thou;
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I love Thee because Thou hast first loved me,
And purchased my pardon on Calvary's tree;
I love Thee for wearing the thorns on Thy brow;
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I'll love Thee in life, I will love Thee in death,
And praise Thee as long as Thou lendest me breath;
And say, when the deathdew lies cold on my brow:
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

In mansions of glory and endless delight,
I'll ever adore Thee in heaven so bright;
I'll sing with the glittering crown on my brow:
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

385 JEHOVAH TSIDKENU

I once was a stranger
To grace and to God,
I knew not my danger
And felt not my load;
Though friends spoke in rapture
O Christ on the tree,
Jehovah Tsidkenu
Was nothing to me.

Like tears from the daughters
Of Zion that roll,
I wept when the waters
Went over His soul;
Yet thought not that my sins
Had nailed to the tree,
Jehovah Tsidkenu
Twas nothing to me.

When free grace awoke me
By light from on high,
Then legal fears shook me,
I trembled to die;
No refuge, no safety,
In self could I see,
Jehovah Tsidkenu
My Saviour must be.

My terrors all vanished
Before the sweet name,
My guilty fears banished,
With boldness I came
To drink at the fountain,
Life-giving and free,
Jehovah Tsidkenu
Is all things to me.

386 JESUS CHRIST, THE CRUCIFIED

Ask ye what great thing I know
That delights and stirs me so?
What the high reward I win?
Whose the Name I glory in?
Jesus Christ, the Crucified.

Who defeats my fiercest foes?
Who consoles my saddest woes?
Who revives my fainting heart,
Healing all its hidden smart?
Jesus Christ, the Crucified.

Who is life in life to me?
Who the death of death will be?
Who will place me on His right,
With the countless hosts of light?
Jesus Christ, the Crucified.

This is that great thing I know;
This delights and stirs me so:
Faith in Him who died to save,
Him who triumphed o'er the grave,
Jesus Christ, the Crucified.

387 ISN'T THE LOVE OF JESUS SOMETHING WONDERFUL

There will never be a sweeter story,
Story of the Saviour's love divine,
Love that brought Him from the realms of glory
Just to save a sinful soul like mine.

Refrain:
Isn't the love of Jesus something wonderful,
Wonderful, wonderful!
O isn't the love of Jesus something wonderful!
Wonderful it is to me.

Boundless as the universe around me,
Reaching to the farthest soul away-
Saving, keeping love it was that found me;
That is why my heart can truly say:

Love beyond our human comprehending,
Love of God in Christ- how can it be?
This will be my theme and never ending,
Great, redeeming love of Calvary.

388 I WILL PRAISE HIM!

When I saw the cleansing fountain
Open wide for all my sin,
I obeyed the Spirit's wooing,
When He said, Wilt thou be clean?

Refrain:
I will praise Him! I will praise Him!
Praise the Lamb for sinners slain;
Give Him glory, all ye people,
For His blood can wash away each stain.

Since the way is straight and narrow,
All I claimed was swept away;
My ambitions, plans, and wishes,
At my feet in ashes lay.

Then God's fire upon the altar
Of my heart was set aflame;
I shall never cease to praise Him,
Glory, glory to His Name!

Blessed be the name of Jesus!
I'm so glad He took me in;
He's forgiven my transgressions,
He has cleansed my heart from sin.

Glory, glory to the Father!
Glory, glory to the Son!
Glory, glory to the Spirit!
Glory to the Three in One!

389 SINCE THE FULNESS OF HIS LOVE CAME IN

Once my way was dark and dreary,
For my heart was full of sin;
But the sky is bright and cheery,
Since the fulness of His love came in.

Refrain:
I can never tell how much I love Him,
I can never tell His love for me;
For it passeth human measure,
Like a deep, unfathomed sea;
'Tis redeeming love in Christ my Saviour,
In my soul the heav'nly joys begin;
And I live for Jesus only
Since the fulness of His love came in.

There is grace for all the lowly,
Grace to keep the trusting soul:
Pow'r to cleanse and make me holy,
Jesus shall my yielded life control.

Let me spread abroad the story,
Other souls to Jesus win;
For the cross is now my glory,
Since the fulness of His love came in.

390 JESUS PAID IT ALL

I hear the Saviour say,
"Thy strength indeed is small;
Child of weakness, watch and pray,
Find in in Me thine all in all."

Refrain:
Jesus paid it all, All to Him I owe;
Sin had left a crimson stain,
He washed it white as snow.

Lord, now indeed I find
Thy pow'r, and Thine alone,
Can change the leper's spots,
And melt the heart of stone.

For nothing good have I
Whereby Thy grace to claim;
I'll wash my garments white
In the the blood of Calv'ry's Lamb.

And when, before the throne,
I stand in Him complete,
"Jesus died my soul to save,"
My lips shall still repeat.

391 THE HEALING WATERS

I've cast my heavy burdens down on Canaan's happy shore,
I'm living where the healing waters flow;
I'll wander in the wilderness of doubt and sin no more,
I'm living where the healing waters flow.

Refrain:
Living on the shore, I'm living on the shore,
I'm living where the healing waters flow.
Living on the shore, I'm living on the shore,
I'm living where the healing waters flow.

With Israel's trusting children I'm rejoicing on my way,
I'm living where the healing waters flow;
The cloudy, fiery pillar is my guiding light today,
I'm living where the healing waters flow.

My hung'ring soul is satisfied with manna from above,
I'm living where the healing waters flow;
No more I thirst, the Rock I've found, that fount of endless love,
I'm living where the healing waters flow.

I'm singing "Hallelujah," safely anchored is my soul,
I'm living where the healing waters flow;
I'm resting on His promises, the blood has made me whole,
I'm living where the healing waters flow.

392 THE SOLID ROCK

My hope is built on nothing less
Than Jesus' blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame,
But wholly lean on Jesus' name.

Refrain:
On Christ, the solid Rock, I stand;
All other ground is sinking sand,
All other ground is sinking sand.

When darkness veils His lovely face,
I rest on His unchanging grace;
In ev'ry high and stormy gale,
My anchor holds within the veil.

His oath, His covenant, His blood,
Support me in the 'whelming flood;
When all around my soul gives way,
He then is all my hope and stay.

393 IN TENDERNESS HE SOUGHT ME

In tenderness He sought me,
Weary and sick with sin,
And on His shoulders brought me
Back to His fold again.
While angels in His presence sang
Until the courts of heaven rang.

Refrain:
Oh, the love that sought me!
Oh, the blood that bought me!
Oh, the grace that brought me to the fold,
Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!

He washed the bleeding sin-wounds,
And poured in oil and wine;
He whispered to assure me,
"I've found thee; thou art Mine";
I never heard a sweeter voice;
It made my aching heart rejoice!

He pointed to the nailprints;
For me His blood was shed;
A mocking crown so thorny
Was placed upon His head:
I wondered what He saw in me
To suffer such deep agony.

I'm sitting in His presence,
The sunshine of His face,
While with adoring wonder
His blessings I retrace.
It seems as if eternal days
Are far too short to sound His praise.

So, while the hours are passing,
All now is perfect rest;
I'm waiting for the morning,
The brightest and the best,
When He will call us to His side,
To be with Him, His spotless bride.

394 SATISFIED

All my life long I had panted
For a draught, from some clear spring,
That I hoped would quench the burning
Of the thirst I felt within.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! I have found Him
Whom my soul so long has craved!
Jesus satisfies my longings,
Thro' His blood I now am saved.

Feeding on the husks around me,
Till my strength was almost gone,
Longed my soul for something better,
Only still to hunger on.

Poor I was, and sought for riches,
Something that would satisfy,
But the dust I gathered round me
Only mocked my soul's sad cry.

Well of water, ever springing,
Bread of life so rich and free,
Untold wealth that never faileth,
My Redeemer is to me.

395 AT CALVARY

Years I spent in vanity and pride,
Caring not my Lord was crucified,
Knowing not it was for me He died
On Calvary.

Refrain:
Mercy there was great, and grace was free;
Pardon there was multiplied to me;
There my burdened soul found liberty,
At Calvary.

By God's Word at last my sin I learned;
Then I trembled at the law I'd spurned,
Till my guilty soul imploring turned
To Calvary.

Now I've giv'n to Jesus ev'rything;
Now I gladly own Him as my King;
Now my ransomed soul can only sing
Of Calvary.

Oh, the love that drew salvation's plan!
Oh, the grace that brought it down to man!
Oh, the mighty gulf that God did span
At Calvary.

396 ONLY A SINNER!

Naught have I gotten but what I received;
Grace hath bestowed it since I have believed;
Boasting excluded, pride I abase;
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

Refrain:
Only a sinner saved by grace!
Only a sinner saved by grace!
This is my story, to God be the glory-
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

Once I was foolish, and sin ruled my heart,
Causing my footsteps from God to depart;
Jesus hath found me, happy my case;
I now am a sinner saved by grace!

Tears unavailing, no merit had I;
Mercy had saved me, or else I must die;
Sin had alarmed me, fearing God's face;
But now I'm a sinner saved by grace!

Suffer a sinner whose heart overflows,
Loving his Saviour, to tell what he knows;
Once more to tell it, would I embrace-
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

397 I KNOW WHOM I HAVE BELIEVED

I know not why God's wondrous grace
To me He hath made known,
Nor why, unworthy, Christ in love
Redeemed me for His own.

Refrain:
But I know whom I have believed,
And am persuaded that He is able
To keep that which I've committed
Unto Him against that day.

I know not how this saving faith
To me He did impart,
Nor how believing in His Word
Wrought peace within my heart.

I know not how the Spirit moves,
Convincing men of sin,
Revealing Jesus thro' the Word,
Creating faith in Him.

I know not what of good or ill
May be reserved for me-
Of weary ways or golden days
Before His face I see.

I know not when my Lord may come,
At night or noonday fair,
Nor if I'll walk the vale with Him,
Or "meet Him in the air."

398 THE LILY OF THE VALLEY

I have found a friend in Jesus, He's ev'rything to me,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul;
The Lily of the Valley, in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole:
In sorrow He's my comfort, in trouble He's my stay;
He tells me ev'ry care on Him to roll;
He's the Lily of the Valley, the Bright and Morning Star,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

Refrain:
He's the Lily of the Valley, the Bright and Morning Star,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

He all my grief has taken, and all my sorrows borne,
In temptation He's my strong and mighty tow'r;
I've all for Him forsaken; I've all my idols torn
From my heart, and now He keeps me by His pow'r.
Though all the world forsake me, and Satan tempt me sore,
Through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal;
He's the Lily of the Valley, the Bright and Morning Star,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

He will never, never leave me, nor yet forsake me here,
While I live by faith and do His blessed will;
A wall of fire about me, I've nothing now to fear,
With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill;
Then sweeping up to glory I'll see His blessed face,
Where rivers of delight shall ever flow;
He's the Lily of the Valley, the Bright and Morning Star,
He's the fairest of of thousand ten to my my soul.

399 STRONG IN SALVATION

Dawn of the morning and stars of the night,
Show forth Thy wonder and tell of Thy might.
By Thee consisting, all things Thou hast made,
Lord of creation in glory arrayed.

Refrain:
True are Thy judgments and holy Thy ways,
God of the Ages, Ancient of Days,
Mighty in power. Lord of creation,
Tender in mercy, Strong in Salvation.

Settled in heaven the Word shall endure,
Trusting Thy promise, the soul is secure.
Sinners forgiven shall look on Thy face,
Praise Thee forever, the tokens of grace.

Wonder of wonders, I'm cleansed by the blood,
In the Beloved, accepted of God.
Now there is therefore no condemnation,
Faithful is He and strong in salvation.

400 JESUS, THY BLOOD AND RIGHTEOUSNESS

Jesus, Thy blood and righteousness
My beauty are, my glorious dress;
'Midst flaming worlds, in these arrayed,
With joy shall I lift up my head.

Bold shall I stand in Thy great day,
For who aught to my charge shall lay?
Fully absolved through these I am,
From sin and fear, from guilt and shame.

Lord, I believe Thy precious blood,
Which, at the mercy seat of God,
Forever doth for sinners plead,
For me, e'en for my soul, was shed.

When from the dust of death I rise
To claim my mansion in the skies,
E'en then shall this be all my plea,
Jesus hath lived, hath died for me!

O let the dead now hear Thy voice!
Now bid Thy ransomed ones rejoice!
Their beauty this, their glorious dress,
Jesus, the Lord our Righteousness.

401 HE TOOK MY PLACE, AND DIED FOR ME

A trembling soul, I sought the Lord,
My sin confessed, my guilt deplored;
How soft and sweet His word to me:
"I took thy place and died for thee."

Refrain:
No other hope, no other plea:
He took my place and died for me.
O precious Lamb of Calvary!
He took my place and died for me.

Here rests my heart; assurance sweet,
His blessed work He will complete,
Since in His love so great and free
He took my place and died for me.

When sorrow veils the smiling day,
When evil foes beset my way,
Abundant grace in Him I see;
He took my place and died for me.

No room for doubt, no room for fears,
When to my view the cross appears;
My joyful song shall ever be:
He took my place and died for me.

402 TIS HEAVEN THERE

Since Christ my soul from sin set free,
This world has been a heav'n to me;
Amid earth's sorrows and its woe,
'Tis heav'n my Jesus here to know.

Refrain:
O hallelujah, yes, 'tis heav'n,
'Tis heav'n to know my sins forgiv'n;
On land or sea, what matters where,
Where Jesus is, 'tis heaven there.

Once heaven seemed a far-off place,
Till Jesus showed His smiling face;
Now it's begun within my soul,
'Twill last while endless ages roll.

What matters where on earth we dwell?
On mountain top, or in the dell?
In cottage or in mansion fair?
Where Jesus is, 'tis heaven there.

403 I'M NOT ASHAMED

I'm not ashamed to own my Lord,
Or to defend His cause;
Maintain the honor of His Word,
The glory of His cross.

Refrain:
At the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light,
And the burden of my heart rolled away,
It was there by faith I received my sight,
And now I am happy all the day!

Jesus, my God! I know His Name,
His Name is all my trust;
Nor will He put my soul to shame,
Nor let my hope be lost.

Firm as His throne His promise stands,
And He can well secure
What I've committed to His hands
Till the decisive hour.

Then will He own my worthless name
Before His Father's face;
And in the new Jerusalem
Appoint my soul a place.

404 A ROCK THAT STANDS FOREVER

A Rock that stands forever
Is Christ, my Righteousness!
In Him I stand un-fearing,
In everlasting bliss!
Christ is my boast and glory-
All wrath for me is o'er;
The judgment of the sinner
Affrighteth me no more.

There is no condemnation,
There is no hell for me!
The torment and the fire-
My eyes shall never see!
For me there is no sentence,
For me there is no sting,
For Christ, my Lord, who saved me,
Will shield me with His wing!

No hunger, Lord, nor thirsting,
No danger, fear, nor fight,
No foe, no tribulation,
No throne, nor pow'r, nor might,
No height, no depth, no creature
That has been or can be.
Can pluck me from Thy bosom-
Can sever me from Thee!

My heart in joy upleapeth-
Grief cannot linger there!
O Jesus, Lord in glory,
Thou art my sunshine fair!
The Source of all my singing
Is Jesus there above,
The Sun that shines upon me
Is Jesus and His Love!

405 IN HEAV'NLY LOVE ABIDING

In heav'n ly love abiding,
No change my heart shall fear;
And safe is such confiding,
For nothing changes here.
The storm may roar without me,
My heart may low be laid,
But God is round about me-
And can I be dismayed?

Wher ever He may guide me,
No want shall turn me back;
My Shepherd is beside me,
And nothing can I lack.
His wisdom ever waketh,
His sight is never dim;
He knows the way He taketh,
And I will walk with Him.

Green pastures are before me,
Which yet I have not seen;
Bright skies will soon be o'er me,
Where darkest clouds have been.
My hope I cannot measure,
My path to life is free;
My Saviour has my treasure,
And He will walk with me.

406 O HAPPY DAY

O happy day that fixed my choice
On Thee, my Saviour and my God!
Well may this glowing heart rejoice,
And tell its raptures all abroad.

Refrain:
Happy day, Happy day,
When Jesus washed my sins away!
He taught me me how to watch and pray,
And live rejoicing ev'ry day;
Happy day, happy day,
When Jesus washed my sins away!

O happy bond, that seals my vows
To Him who merits all my love!
Let cheerful anthems fill His house
While to that sacred place I move.

'Tis done, the great transaction's done!
I am my Lord's, and He is mine;
He drew me, and I followed on,
Charmed to confess the voice divine.

Now rest, my longdivided heart;
Fixed on this blissful center, rest;
Nor ever from thy Lord depart,
With Him of ev'ry good possessed.

High heav'n, that heard the solemn vow,
That vow renewed shall daily hear,
Till in life's latest hour I bow,
And bless in death a bond so dear.

407 BEHOLD, WHAT LOVE!

Behold, what love, what boundless love
The Father hath bestowed
On sinners lost, that we should be
Now called the sons of God!

Refrain:
Behold, what manner of love,
What manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us,
That we, that we should be called,
Should be called the sons of God.

No longer far from Him, but now
By "precious blood" made nigh;
Accepted in the "well-beloved,"
Near to God's heart we lie.

What we in glory soon shall be,
It doth not yet appear;
But when our precious Lord we see,
We shall His image bear.

With such a blessed hope in view,
We would more holy be;
More like our risen, glorious Lord,
Whose face we soon shall see.

408 BLESSED ASSURANCE

Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
O what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God,
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.

Refrain:
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long;
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long.

Perfect submission, perfect delight,
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight;
Angels descending, bring from above
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.

Perfect submission, all is at rest,
I in my Saviour am happy and blest;
Watching and waiting, looking above,
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love.

409 TRUSTING IN JESUS

Trusting in Jesus, my Saviour divine,
I have the witness that still He is mine;
Great are the blessings He giveth to me,
O I am happy as mortal can be!

Refrain:
I am redeemed and I know it full well,
Saved by His grace I with Him shall dwell;
I am redeemed and the child of His love,
Heir to a glorious crown above.

Once I was far from my Saviour and King,
Now he as taught me His mercy to sing;
Peace in believing He giveth to me;
O I am happy as mortal can be!

Trusting in Jesus, O what should I fear?
Nothing can harm me when He is so near;
Sweet is the promise He giveth to me;
O I am happy as mortal can be!

If while a stranger I journey below,
Filled with His fullness such rapture I know,
What will the bliss of eternity be,
When in His beauty the King I shall see?

410 HIS BE THE VICTOR'S NAME

His be the Victor's Name
Who fought the fight alone;
Triumphant saints no honor claim;
Their conquest was His own.

By weakness and defeat
He won the reed and crown;
Trod all the foes beneath His feet
By being trodden down.

He hell in hell laid low;
Made sin, He sin o'erthrew;
Bowed to the grave, destroyed it so,
And death, by dying, slew.

What tho' the'accuser roar
Of ills that I have done;
I know them well, and thousands more;
Jehovah findeth none.

Bless, bless the Conqu'ror slain,
Slain by divine decree!
Who lived, who died, who lives again,
For thee, my soul, for thee.

411 SINCE I HAVE BEEN REDEEMED

I have a song I love to sing,
Since I have been redeemed,
Of my Redeemer, Saviour, King,
Since I have been redeemed.

Refrain:
Since I have been redeemed,
Since I have been redeemed,
I will glory in His name;
Since I have been redeemed,
I will glory in my Saviour's name.

I have a Christ who satisfies,
Since I have been redeemed;
To do His will my highest prize,
Since I have been redeemed.

I have a witness bright and clear,
Since I have been redeemed,
Dispelling ev'ry doubt and fear,
Since I have been redeemed.

I have a home prepared for me,
Since I have been redeemed,
Where I shall dwell eternally,
Since I have been redeemed.

412 NO OTHER PLEA

My faith has found a resting-place,
Not in device or creed;
I trust the Ever-living One;
His wounds for me shall plead.

Refrain:
I need no other argument,
I need no other plea;
It is enough that Jesus died,
And that He died for me.

Enough for me that Jesus saves,
This ends my fear and doubt;
A sinful soul I come to Him,
He'll never cast me out.

My heart is leaning on the Word,
The written Word of God,
Salvation by my Saviour's name,
Salvation thro' His blood.

My great Physician heals the sick,
The lost He came to save;
For me His precious blood He shed,
For me His life He gave.

413 I AM REDEEMED

I am redeemed, O praise the Lord!
My soul, from bondage free,
Has found at last a resting-place
In Him who died for me.

Refrain:
I am redeemed! I am redeemed!
I'll sing it o'er and o'er;
I am redeemed! O praise the Lord!
Redeemed forever-more!

I looked, and lo, from Calv'ry's cross
A healing fountain streamed;
It cleansed my heart, and now I sing,
Praise God, I am redeemed!

The debt is paid, my soul is free;
And by His mighty pow'r
The blood that washed my sins away
Still cleanseth ev'ry hour.

All glory be to Jesus' name!
I know that He is mine,
For on my heart the Spirit seals
His pledge of love divine.

And when I reach that world more bright
Than mortal ever dreamed,
I'll cast my crown at Jesus' feet
And cry: Redeemed, Redeemed!

414 REVIVE US AGAIN

We praise Thee, O God, for the Son of Thy love,
For Jesus who died and is now gone above.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! Thine the glory, Hallelujah! Amen;
Hallelujah! Thine the glory; Revive us again.

We praise Thee, O God, for Thy Spirit of light,
Who has shown us our Saviour and scattered our night.

All glory and praise to the Lamb that was slain,
Who has borne all our sins, and has cleansed ev'ry stain.

Revive us again, fill each heart with Thy love;
May each soul be rekindled with fire from above.

415 HALLELUJAH! THINE THE GLORY!

My God, I have found the thrice-blessed ground,
Where life and where joy and true comfort abound.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! Thine the glory!
Hallelujah! Amen!
Hallelujah! Thine the glory!
Revive us again.

'Tis found in the blood of Him who once stood
My refuge and safety, my Surety with God.

He bore on the tree the sentence for me,
And now both the Surety and sinner are free.

Accepted I am in the onceoffered Lamb,
It was was God who Himself had devised the plan.

And though here below 'mid sorrow and woe,
My place is in heaven with Jesus, I know.

And this I shall find, for such is His mind.
He'll not be in glory and leave me behind.

416 DWELLING IN BEULAH LAND

Far away the noise of strife upon my ear is falling;
Then I know the sins of earth beset on ev'ry hand;
Doubt and fear and things of earth in vain to me are calling,
None of these shall move me from Beulah Land.

Refrain:
I'm living on the mountain, underneath a cloudless sky;
I'm drinking at the fountain that never shall run dry;
O yes! I'm feasting on the manna from a bountiful supply,
For I am dwelling in Beulah Land.

Far below the storm of doubt upon the world is beating;
Sons of men in battle long the enemy withstand;
Safe am I within the castle of God's Word retreating,
Nothing then can reach me, 'tis Beulah Land.

Let the stormy breezes blow, their cry cannot alarm me;
I am safely sheltered here, protected by God's hand;
Here the sun is always shining, here there's naught can harm me,
I am safe forever in Beulah Land.

Viewing here the works of God, I sink in contemplation;
Hearing now His blessed voice, I see the way He planned;
Dwelling in the Spirit, here I learn of full salvation,
Gladly will I tarry in Beulah Land.

417 BEHOLD THE AMAZING GIFT OF LOVE

Behold th'amazing gift of love
The Father hath bestowed
On us, the sinful sons of men,
To call us sons of God!

Concealed as yet this honor lies,
By this dark world unknown,
A world that knew not when he came,
Ev'n God's eternal Son.

High is the rank we now possess;
But higher we shall rise;
Tho' what we shall hereafter be
Is hid from mortal eyes.

Our souls, we know, when he appears,
Shall bear his image bright;
For all his glory, full disclosed,
Shall open to our sight.

A hope so great, and so divine,
May trials well endure;
And purge the soul from sense and sin,
As Christ himself is pure.

418 GLORY TO GOD, HALLELUJAH!

We are never, never weary of the grand old song;
Glory to God, hallelujah!
We can sing it loud as ever with our faith more strong;
Glory to God, hallelujah!

Refrain:
O the children of the Lord have a right to shout and sing,
For the way is growing bright, and our souls are on the wing;
We are going by and by to the palace of a King!
Glory to God, hallelujah!

We are lost amid the rapture of redeeming love;
Glory to God, hallelujah!
We are rising on its pinions to the hills above;
Glory to God, hallelujah!

We are going to a palace that is built of gold;
Glory to God, hallelujah!
Where the King in all His splendor we shall soon behold;
Glory to God, hallelujah!

There we'll shout redeeming mercy in a glad new song;
Glory to God, hallelujah!
There we'll sing the praise of Jesus with the bloodwashed throng;
Glory to God, hallelujah!

419 I SOUGHT THE LORD

I sought the Lord, and afterward I knew
He moved my soul to seek Him, seeking me;
It was not I that found, O Saviour true;
No, I was found of Thee.

Thou didst reach forth Thy hand and mine enfold;
I walked and sank not on the stormvexed sea;
'Twas not so much that I on Thee took hold,
As Thou, O Lord, on me.

I find, I walk, I love; but O the whole
Of love is but my answer, Lord, to Thee!
For Thou wert long beforehand with my soul;
Always Thou lovedst me.

420 LOVE LIFTED ME

I was sinking deep in sin,
Far from the peaceful shore,
Very deeply stained within,
Sinking to rise no more;
But the Master of the sea
Heard my despairing cry,
From the waters lifted me,
Now safe am I.

Refrain:
Love lifted me! Love lifted me!
When nothing else could help,
Love lifted me; Love lifted me.
When nothing else could help,
Love lifted me.

All my heart to Him I give,
Ever to Him I'll cling,
In His blessed presence live,
Ever His praises sing.
Love so mighty and so true
Merits my soul's best songs;
Faithful, loving service, too,
To Him belongs.

Souls in danger, look above,
Jesus completely saves;
He will lift you by His love
Out of the angry waves.
He's the Master of the sea,
Billows His will obey;
He your Saviour wants to be-
Be saved today.

421 WILL YOUR ANCHOR HOLD?

Will your anchor hold in the storms of life,
When the clouds unfold their wings of strife?
When the the strong tides lift, and the the cables strain,
Will your anchor drift, or firm remain?

Refrain:
We have an anchor that keeps the soul
Steadfast and sure while the billows roll,
Fastened to the Rock which cannot move,
Grounded firm and deep in the Saviour's love.

It is safely moored, 'twill the storm withstand,
For 'tis well secured by the Saviour's hand;
And the cables, passed from His heart to mine,
Can defy that blast, thro' strength divine.

When our eyes behold thro' the gath'ring night
The city of gold, our harbor bright,
We shall shall anchor fast by the the heav'nly shore,
With the storms all past forevermore.

422 HE TOOK MY SINS AWAY

I came to Jesus, weary, worn, and sad,
He took my sins away,
He took my sins away;
His wondrous love has made my spirit glad,
He took my sins away.

Refrain:
He took my sins away,
He took my sins away,
And keeps my footsteps day by day;
I'm so glad He saved my guilty soul
And took my sins away.

The load of sin was more than I could bear,
He took it all away,
He took it all away;
And now on Him I roll my ev'ry care,
He took my sins away.

No condemnation have I in my heart,
He took my sins away,
And keeps me day by day;
His perfect peace He did to me impart,
He took my sins away.

If you will come to Jesus Christ today,
He'll take your sins away,
He'll take your sins away;
And keep you happy in the narrow way,
He'll take your sins away.

423 REDEEMED

Redeemed, how I love to proclaim it,
Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb;
Redeemed thro' His infinite mercy,
His child, and forever, I am.

Refrain:
Redeemed, redeemed,
Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb;
Redeemed, redeemed,
His child, and forever, I am.

Redeemed and so happy in Jesus,
No language my rapture can tell;
I know that the light of His presence
With me doth continually dwell.

I think of my blessed Redeemer,
I think of Him all the day long;
I sing, for I cannot be silent;
His love is the theme of my song.

I know I shall see in His beauty
The King in whose law I delight;
Who lovingly guardeth my footsteps,
And giveth me songs in the night.

424 NOR SILVER NOR GOLD

Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,
No riches of earth could have saved my poor soul;
The blood of the cross is my only foundation,
The death of my Saviour now maketh me whole.

Refrain:
I am redeemed, but not with silver;
I am bought, but not with gold;
Bought with a price, the blood of Jesus,
Precious price of love untold.

Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,
The guilt on my conscience too heavy had grown;
The blood of the cross is my only foundation,
The death of my Saviour alone could atone.

Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,
The holy commandment forbade me draw near;
The blood of the cross is my only foundation,
The death of my Saviour removeth my fear.

Nor silver nor gold hath obtained my redemption,
The way into heaven could not thus be bought;
The blood of the cross is my only foundation,
The death of my Saviour redemption hath wrought.

425 A SINNER LIKE ME!

I was once far away from the Saviour,
Just as vile as a sinner could be;
And I wondered if Christ the Redeemer
Could save a poor sinner like me.

I wandered on in the darkness,
Not a ray of light could I see;
And the thought filled my heart with sadness,
There's no hope for a sinner like me.

And then, in that dark, lonely hour,
A voice sweetly whispered to me,
Saying: Look unto Me; I have power
To save a poor sinner like thee.

I then fully trusted in Jesus;
And O what a joy came to me!
My heart was filled with His praises,
For saving a sinner like me.

No longer in darkness I'm walking;
The light now is shining on me;
And now unto others I'm telling
How He saved a poor sinner like me.

And when life's journey is over,
And I the dear Saviour shall see,
I'll praise Him forever and ever,
For saving a sinner like me.

426 DEPENDING ON THE BLOOD

On the golden streets of heaven all men hope to walk some day,
Yet so many are not willing to accept the living way;
But while others build on good works, or opinions if they may,
Hallelujah! hallelujah!
I'm depending on the blood.

Refrain:
In the soul-cleansing blood of the Saviour,
I've been washed in the crimson flood;
Tho' the world may say there is hope some other way,
I'm depending on the blood.

Some will tell us that God's mercy is their only hope and plea,
That a soul He could not punish throughout all eternity;
But I read that my dear Saviour died for sinners just like me,
Hallelujah! hallelujah!
I'm depending on the blood.

As we look back thro' the ages where the kings and prophets trod,
We may see their altars reeking with the sacrifice and blood;
But those types were only pointing to the Paschal Lamb of God,
Hallelujah! hallelujah!
I'm depending on the blood.

'Tis the burden of that chorus over on the streets of light,
That the blood from Calv'ry's mountain has washed all their garments white;
So I'll shout along life's pathway till I reach that land so bright:
"Hallelujah! hallelujah!
I'm depending on the blood."

427 MY HOPE IS IN THE LORD

My hope is in the Lord Who gave Himself for me,
And paid the price of all my sin at Calvary.

Refrain:
For me He died, For me He lives,
And everlasting life and light He freely gives.
For me He died, For me He lives,

No merit of my own His anger to suppress.
My only hope is found in Jesus' righteousness.

And now for me He stands Before the Father's throne.
He shows His wounded hands and names me as His own.

His grace has planned it all, 'Tis mine but to believe,
And recognize His work of love and Christ receive.

428 IF I GAINED THE WORLD

If I gained the world, but lost the Saviour,
Were my life worth living for a day?
Could my yearning heart find rest and comfort
In the things that soon must pass away?
If I gained the world, but had no Saviour,
Would my gain be worth the lifelong strife?
Are all earthly pleasures worth comparing
For a moment with a Christ-filled life?

Had I wealth and love in fullest measure,
And a name revered both far and near,
Yet no hope beyond, no harbor waiting,
Where my stormtossed vessel I could steer;
If I gained the world, but had no Saviour,
Who endured the cross and died for me,
Could then all the world afford a refuge,
Whither, in my anguish, I might flee?

O what emptiness!- without the Saviour
'Mid the sins and sorrows here below!
And eternity, how dark without Him!-
Only night and tears and endless woe!
What, tho' I might live without the Saviour,
When I come to die, how would it be?
O to face the valley's gloom without Him!
And without Him all eternity!

O the joy of having all in Jesus!
What a balm the broken heart to heal!
Ne'er a sin so great, but He'll forgive it,
Nor a sorrow that He does not feel!
If I have but Jesus, only Jesus,-
Nothing else in all the world beside-
O then ev'rything is mine in Jesus;
For my needs and more He will provide.

429 JESUS, MY SAVIOUR! THOU ART MINE

Jesus, my Saviour! Thou art mine,
The Father's Gift of love divine;
All Thou hast done, and all Thou art,
Are now the portion of my heart.

Poor, feeble, wretched, as I am,
I now can glory in Thy name;
Now cleansed in Thy most precious blood,
And made the righteousness of God.

All that Thou hast Thou hast for me,
All my fresh springs are hid in Thee;
In Thee I live; while I confess
I nothing am, yet all possess.

O Saviour, teach me to abide,
Close sheltered at Thy wounded side,
Each hour receiving grace, on grace,
Until I see Thee face to face.

430 REDEEMING LOVE

Men speak of love, an earthly love, it's mentioned more each day;
Yet many spurn the greatest love and go in their own way.
The greatest love is this, that God spared not so great a cost,
And sent His Son to buy us back, to save us who were lost.

Refrain:
Redeeming love, a greater love no man can e'er impart;
Redeeming love, one never knows till Christ is in his heart.

No man can see a greater love, no book can e'er record,
No sacrifice can be compared to that of our dear Lord.
Christ died for us and rose again; the debt of sin was paid.
To trust in Him, a step of faith is all that must be made.

431 NOT WHAT I AM, O LORD

Not what I am, O Lord, but what Thou art;
That, that alone can be my soul's true rest;
Thy love, not mine, bids fear and doubt depart,
And stills the tempest of my tossing breast.

Thy Name is Love! I hear it from yon cross;
Thy Name is Love! I read it in yon tomb;
All meaner love is perishable dross,
But this shall light me thro' time's thickest gloom.

It blesses now, and shall forever bless:
It saves me now, and shall forever save;
It holds me up in days of helplessness,
It bears me safely o'er each swelling wave.

'Tis what I know of Thee, my Lord and God,
That fills my soul with peace, my lips with song;
Thou art my health, my joy, my staff, my rod;
Leaning on Thee, in weakness I am strong.

More of Thyself, oh, show me, hour by hour;
More of Thy glory, O my God and Lord;
More of Thyself in all Thy grace and pow'r;
More of Thy love and truth, Incarnate Word.

432 MY ANCHOR HOLDS

Tho' the angry surges roll
On my tempest-driven soul,
I am peaceful, for I know,
Wildly though the winds may blow,
I've an anchor safe and sure,
That can evermore endure.

Refrain:
And it holds, my anchor holds:
Blow your wildest, then, O gale,
On my bark so small and frail;
By His grace I shall not fail,
For my anchor holds, my anchor holds.

Mighty tides about me sweep,
Perils lurk within the deep,
Angry clouds o'ershade the sky,
And the tempest rises high;
Still I stand the tempest's shock,
For my anchor grips the Rock.

I can feel the anchor fast
As I meet each sudden blast,
And the cable, though unseen,
Bears the heavy strain between;
Thro' the storm I safely ride,
Till the turning of the tide.

Troubles almost 'whelm the soul;
Griefs like billows o'er me roll;
Tempters seek to lure astray;
Storms obscure the light of day:
But in Christ I can be bold,
I've an anchor that shall hold.

433 WOUNDED FOR ME

Wounded for me, wounded for me,
There on the cross He was wounded for me;
Gone my transgressions, and now I am free,
All because Jesus was wounded for me.

Dying for me, dying for me,
There on the cross He was dying for me;
Now in His death my redemption I see,
All because Jesus was dying for me.

Risen for me, risen for me,
Up from the grave He has risen for me;
Now evermore from death's sting I am free,
All because Jesus has risen for me.

Living for me, living for me,
There on the throne He is living for me;
Saved to the uttermost now I shall be,
All because Jesus is living for me.

Coming for me, coming for me,
One day to earth He is coming for me;
Then with what joy His dear face I shall see,
Oh, how I praise Him! He's coming for me.

434 OUR GREAT SAVIOUR

Jesus! what a Friend for sinners!
Jesus! Lover of my soul;
Friends may fail me, foes assail me,
He, my Saviour, makes me whole.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!
Hallelujah! what a Friend!
Saving, helping, keeping, loving,
He is with me to the end.

Jesus! what a Strength in weakness!
Let me hide myself in Him;
Tempted, tried, and sometimes failing,
He, my Strength, my vict'ry wins.

Jesus! what a Help in sorrow!
While the billows o'er me roll,
Even when my heart is breaking,
He, my Comfort, helps my soul.

Jesus! what a Guide and Keeper!
While the tempest still is high,
Storms about me, night o'ertakes me,
He, my Pilot, hears my cry.

Jesus! I do fully trust Him,
More than all in Him I find,
He hath granted me forgiveness,
I am His, and He is mine.

435 LOVE DIVINE, ALL LOVES EXCELLING

Love divine, all loves excelling,
Joy of heav'n, to earth come down;
Fix in us Thy humble dwelling;
All Thy faithful mercies crown.
Jesus, Thou art all compassion,
Pure, unbounded love Thou art;
Visit us with Thy salvation;
Enter ev'ry trembling heart.

Breathe, O breathe Thy loving Spirit
Into ev'ry troubled breast!
Let us all in Thee inherit,
Let us find that second rest.
Take away our bent to sinning,
Alpha and Omega be;
End of faith, as its beginning,
Set our hearts at liberty.

Come, almighty to deliver,
Let us all Thy life receive;
Suddenly return, and never,
Nevermore Thy temples leave:
Thee we would be always blessing,
Serve Thee as Thy hosts above,
Pray, and praise Thee without ceasing,
Glory in Thy perfect love.

Finish then Thy new creation,
Pure and spotless let us be;
Let us see Thy great salvation
Perfectly restored in Thee:
Changed from glory in to glory,
Till in heav'n we take our place,
Till we cast our crowns before Thee,
Lost in wonder, love, and praise.

436 CHRIST FOR ME

My heart is trusting Thee, my God,
Trusting Thee, trusting Thee,
And my immortal choice is made:
Christ for me! Christ for me!
He is my Prophet, Priest and King,
Who did for me salvation bring;
And And while I've breath my lips shall sing:
Christ for me! Christ for me!

In Him I see the Godhead shine;
Christ for me! Christ for me!
He is the majesty divine;
Christ for me! Christ for me!
The Father's well beloved Son,
Co-partner of His royal throne,
Who did for human guilt atone;
Christ for me! Christ for me!

In pining sickness or in health,
Christ for me! Christ for me!
In deepest poverty or wealth,
Christ for me! Christ for me!
And in that all-important day
When I the summons must obey
And pass from this dark world away,
Christ for me! Christ for me!

Let others boast of heaps of gold-
Christ for me! Christ for me!
His riches never can be told,
Christ for me! Christ for me!
Your gold will waste and wear away;
Your honors perish in a day,
My portion never can decay:
Christ for me! Christ for me!

At home, abroad, by night and day,
Christ for me! Christ for me!
Where'er I preach or sing or pray,
Christ for me! Christ for me!
Him first and last, Him all day long,
My hope, my solace, and my song.
I'll send the ringing cry along,
Christ for me! Christ for me!

437 I AM HIS, AND HE IS MINE

Loved with everlasting love,
Led by grace that love to know;
Spirit, breathing from above,
Thou hast taught me it is so!
Oh, this full and perfect peace!
Oh, this transport all divine!
In a love which cannot cease,
I am His, and He is mine;
In a love which cannot cease,
I am His, and He is mine.

Heav'n above is softer blue,
Earth around is sweeter green!
Something lives in ev'ry hue
Christless eyes have never seen:
Birds with gladder songs o'erflow,
Flow'rs with deeper beauties shine,
Since I know, as now I know,
I am His, and He is mine;
Since I know, as now I know,
I am His, and He is mine.

Things that once were wild alarms
Cannot now disturb my rest;
Closed in everlasting arms,
Pillowed on the loving breast.
Oh, to lie forever here,
Doubt, and care, and self resign,
While He whispers in my ear,
I am His, and He is mine;
While He whispers in my ear,
I am His, and He is mine.

His forever, only His;
Who the Lord and me shall part?
Ah, with what a rest of bliss
Christ can fill the loving heart!
Heav'n and earth may fade and flee,
Firstborn light in gloom decline;
But while God and I shall be,
I am His, and He is mine;
But while God and I shall be,
I am His, and He is mine.

438 MOMENT BY MOMENT

Dying with Jesus, by death reckoned mine;
Living with Jesus, a new life divine;
Looking to Jesus till glory doth shine,

Refrain:
Moment by moment, O Lord, I am Thine.
Moment by moment I'm kept in His love;
Moment by moment I've life from above;
Looking to Jesus till glory doth shine;
Moment by moment, O Lord, I am Thine.

Never a trial that He is not there,
Never a burden that He doth not bear,
Never a sorrow that He doth not share,
Moment by moment I'm under His care.

Never a heartache and never a groan,
Never a teardrop and never a moan;
Never a danger, but there on the throne,
Moment by moment, He thinks of His own.

Never a weakness that He doth not feel,
Never a sickness that He cannot heal;
Moment by moment, in woe or in weal,
Jesus, my Saviour, Abides with me still.

439 NOW I BELONG TO JESUS

Jesus, my Lord, will love me forever;
From Him no pow'r of evil can sever;
He gave His life to ransom my soul;
Now I belong to Him.

Refrain:
Now I belong to Jesus;
Jesus belongs to me;
Not for the years of time alone,
But for eternity.

Once I was lost in sin's degradation;
Jesus came down to bring me salvation,
Lifted me up from sorrow and shame;
Now I belong to Him.

Joy floods my soul, for Jesus has saved me,
Freed me from sin that long had enslaved me;
His precious blood He gave to redeem;
Now I belong to Him.

440 STILL SWEETER EVERY DAY

To Jesus ev'ry day I find my heart is closer drawn;
He's fairer than the glory of the gold and purple dawn;
He's all my fancy pictured in its fairest dreams, and more;
Each day He grows still sweeter than He was the day before.

Refrain:
The half cannot be fancied this side the golden shore,
Oh, there He'll be still sweeter than He ever was before.

His glory broke upon me when I saw Him from afar;
He's fairer than the lily, brighter than the morning star;
He fills and satisfies my longing spirit o'er and o'er;
Each day He grows still sweeter than He was the day before.

My heart is sometimes heavy, but He comes with sweet relief;
He folds me to His bosom when I droop with blighting grief;
I love the Christ who all my burdens in His body bore;
Each day He grows still sweeter than He was the day before.

441 DEAR SAVIOUR, THOU ART MINE

Dear Saviour, Thou art mine,
How sweet the thought to me!
Let me repeat Thy name,
And lift my heart to Thee.

Refrain:
Mine! mine! mine!
I know Thou art mine;
Saviour, dear Saviour,
I know Thou art mine.

Thou art the sinner's Friend,
So I Thy friendship claim,
A sinner saved by grace
When Thy sweet message came.

My hardened heart was touched;
Thy pard'ning voice I heard;
And joy and peace came in
While list'ning to Thy Word.

So let me sing Thy praise,
So let me call Thee mine;
I cannot doubt Thy Word,
I know that I am Thine.

442 I'VE FOUND A FRIEND

I've found a Friend, oh, such a Friend!
He loved me ere I knew Him;
He drew me with the cords of love,
And thus He bound me to Him.
And round my heart still closely twine
Those ties which naught can sever,
For I am His, and He is mine,
Forever and forever.

I've found a Friend, oh, such a Friend!
He bled, He died to save me;
And not alone the gift of life,
But His own self He gave me.
Naught that I have my own I call,
I hold it for the Giver;
My heart, my strength, my life, my all,
Are His, and His forever.

I've found a Friend, oh, such a Friend!
All pow'r to Him is given,
To guard me on my onward course,
And bring me safe to heaven.
Th'eternal glories gleam afar,
To nerve my faint endeavor;
So now to watch, to work, to war,
And then to rest forever.

I've found a Friend, oh, such a Friend!
So kind, and true, and tender,
So wise a Counsellor and Guide,
So mighty a Defender!
From Him who loves me now so well,
What pow'r my soul can sever?
Shall life or death, or earth or hell?
No; I am His forever.

443 NONE BUT CHRIST CAN SATISFY!

O Christ, in Thee my soul hath found,
And found in Thee alone,
The peace, the joy I sought so long,
The bliss till now unknown.

Refrain:
Now none but Christ can satisfy,
None other name for me;
There's love, and life, and lasting joy,
Lord Jesus, found in Thee.

I sighed for rest and happiness,
I yearned for them, not Thee;
But while I passed my Saviour by,
His love laid hold on me.

I tried the broken cisterns, Lord,
But ah! the waters failed!
E'en as I stooped to drink they'd fled,
And mocked me as I wailed.

The pleasures lost I sadly mourned,
But never wept for Thee,
Till grace the sightless eyes received,
Thy loveliness to see.

444 MOMENTS OF BLESSING

Rich are the moments of blessing
Jesus my Saviour bestows;
Pure is the well of salvation
Fresh from His mercy that flows.

Refrain:
Ever He walketh beside me,
Brightly His sunshine appears,
Spreading a beautiful rainbow
Over the valley of tears.

Rich are the moments of blessing,
Lovely and hallowed and sweet,
When from my labor at noontide
Calmly I rest at His feet.

Why should I ever grow weary?
Why should I faint by the way?
Has He not promised to give me
Strength for the toils of the day?

Tho' by the mist and the shadow
Sometimes my sky may be dim,
Rich are the moments of blessing
Spent in communion with Him.

445 'TIS JESUS

In land or store I may be poor,
My place unknown, my name obscure;
Of this I have the witness sure:
O bless the Lord, I've Jesus.

Refrain:
What though the world its gifts deny,
I've riches more than gold can buy,
The key to treasures in the sky-
O bless the Lord, I've Jesus!

On life's rough sea how frail my barque!
But in the storm and densest dark
I have a safe and trusted Ark:
O bless the Lord, 'tis Jesus!

When shadows deep around me fall
And gloom and fear my soul enthrall,
There is an arm beneath them all:
O bless the Lord, 'tis Jesus!

Soon will this fleeting life be o'er:
O then, upon the other shore
I'll be with Him for evermore,
For evermore with Jesus!

446 O JESUS THOU ART STANDING

O Jesus, Thou art standing
Outside the fast-closed door,
In lowly patience waiting
To pass the threshold o'er:
Shame on us, Christian brothers,
His name and sign who bear,
O shame, thrice shame upon us,
To keep Him standing there!

O Jesus, Thou art knocking;
And lo! that hand is scarred,
And thorns Thy brow encircle,
And tears Thy face have marred:
O love that passeth knowledge,
So patiently to wait!
O sin that hath no equal,
So fast to bar the gate!

O Jesus, Thou art pleading
In accents meek and low,
"I died for you, My children,
And will ye treat Me so?"
O Lord, with shame and sorrow
We open now the door;
Dear Saviour, enter, enter,
And leave us nevermore!

447 JESUS, I AM RESTING

Jesus, I am resting, resting,
In the joy of what Thou art;
I am finding out the greatness
Of Thy loving heart.
Thou hast bid me gaze upon Thee,
And Thy beauty fills my soul,
For by Thy transforming power
Thou hast made me whole.

Refrain:
Jesus, I am resting, resting,
In the joy of what Thou art;
I am finding out the greatness
Of Thy loving heart.

Oh, how great Thy loving kindness,
Vaster, broader than the sea!
Oh, how marvelous Thy goodness,
Lavished all on me!
Yes, I rest in Thee, Beloved,
Know what wealth of grace is Thine,
Know Thy certainty of promise,
And have made it mine.

Simply trusting Thee, Lord Jesus,
I behold Thee as Thou art,
And Thy love, so pure, so changeless,
Satisfies my heart;
Satisfies its deepest longings,
Meets, supplies its ev'ry need,
Compasseth me round with blessings:
Thine is love indeed!

Ever lift Thy face upon me,
As I work and wait for Thee;
Resting 'neath Thy smile, Lord Jesus,
Earth's dark shadows flee.
Brightness of my Father's glory,
Sunshine of my Father's face,
Keep me ever trusting, resting,
Fill me with Thy grace.

448 NOTHING BETWEEN

Nothing between my soul and the Saviour,
Naught of this world's delusive dream;
I have renounced all sinful pleasure,
Jesus is mine; there's nothing between.

Refrain:
Nothing between my soul and the Saviour,
So that His blessed face may be seen;
Nothing preventing the least of His favor,
Keep the way clear! Let nothing between.

Nothing between, like worldly pleasure,
Habits of life though harmless they seem,
Must not my heart from Him e'er sever,
He is my all; there's nothing between.

Nothing between, like pride or station,
Self or friends shall not intervene,
Tho' it may cost me much tribulation,
I am resolved; there's nothing between.

Nothing between, e'en many hard trials,
Tho' the whole world against me convene;
Watching with prayer and much self-denial,
I'll triumph at last, with nothing between.

449 COMPLETE IN THEE!

Complete in Thee! no work of mine
May take, dear Lord, the place of Thine;
Thy blood hath pardon bought for me,
And I am now complete in Thee.

Refrain:
Yea, justified! O blessed thought!
And sanctified! Salvation wrought!
Thy blood hath pardon bought for me,
And glorified, I too, shall be!

Complete in Thee! no more shall sin,
Thy grace hath conquered, reign within;
Thy voice shall bid the tempter flee,
And I shall stand complete in Thee.

Complete in Thee- each want supplied,
And no good thing to me denied;
Since Thou my portion, Lord, wilt be,
I ask no more, complete in Thee.

Dear Saviour! when before Thy bar
All tribes and tongues assembled are,
Among Thy chosen will I be,
At Thy right hand, complete in Thee.

450 ONLY IN THEE

Only in Thee, O Saviour mine,
Dwelleth my soul in peace divine,
Peace that the world, tho' all combine,
Never can take from me.
Pleasures of earth, so seemingly sweet,
Fail at the last my longings to meet;
Only in Thee my bliss is complete,
Only, dear Lord, in Thee!

Only in Thee, a radiance bright
Shines like a beacon in the night,
Guiding my pilgrim bark aright
Over life's trackless sea.
Only in Thee, when troubles molest,
When with temptation I am oppressed,
There is a sweet pavilion of rest,
Only, dear Lord, in Thee!

Only in Thee, when days are drear,
When neither sun nor stars appear,
Still I can trust and feel no fear,
Sing when I cannot see.
Only in Thee, whatever betide,
All of my need is freely supplied,
There is no hope or helper beside,
Only, dear Lord, in Thee!

Only in Thee, dear Saviour, slain,
Losing Thy life my own to gain,
Trusting, I'm cleansed from ev'ry stain,
Thou art my only plea.
Only in Thee, my heart will delight,
Till in that land where cometh no night,
Faith will be lost in heavenly sight,
Only, dear Lord, in Thee!

451 O THOU IN WHOSE PRESENCE

O Thou, in whose presence my soul takes delight,
On whom in affliction I call,
My comfort by day and my song in the night,
My hope, my salvation, my all!

Where dost Thou, dear Shepherd, resort with Thy sheep,
To feed them in pastures of love?
Say, why in the valley of death should I weep,
Or alone in this wilderness rove?

O why should I wander, an alien from Thee,
Or cry in the desert for bread?
Thy foes will rejoice when my sorrows they see,
And smile at the tears I have shed.

He looks! and ten thousands of angels rejoice,
And myriads wait for His word;
He speaks! and eternity, filled with His voice,
Reechoes the praise of the Lord.

Dear Shepherd! I hear, and will follow Thy call;
I know the sweet sound of Thy voice;
Restore and defend me, for Thou art my all,
And in Thee I will ever rejoice.

452 OH, TO BE LIKE THEE

Oh, to be like Thee! blessed Redeemer,
This is my constant longing and prayer.
Gladly I'll forfeit all of earth's treasures,
Jesus, Thy perfect likeness to wear.

Refrain:
Oh, to be like Thee!
Oh, to be like Thee, blessed Redeemer, pure as Thou art!
Come in Thy sweetness, come in Thy fullness;
Stamp Thine own image deep on my heart.

Oh, to be like Thee! full of compassion,
Loving, forgiving, tender and kind,
Helping the helpless, cheering the fainting,
Seeking the wand'ring sinner to find.

Oh, to be like Thee! lowly in spirit,
Holy and harmless, patient and brave;
Meekly enduring cruel reproaches,
Willing to suffer others to save.

Oh, to be like Thee! while I am pleading,
Pour out Thy Spirit, fill with Thy love;
Make me a temple meet for Thy dwelling,
Fit me for life and heaven above.

453 CLOSE TO THEE

Thou, my everlasting portion,
More than friend or life to to me,
All along my pilgrim journey,
Saviour, let me walk with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
All along my pilgrim journey,
Saviour, let me walk with Thee.

Not for ease or worldly pleasure,
Nor for fame my prayer shall shall be;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.

Lead me thro' the vale of shadows,
Bear me o'er life's fitful fitful sea;
Then the gate of life eternal
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Then the gate of life eternal
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.

454 SUN OF MY SOUL

Sun of my soul, Thou Saviour dear,
It is not night if Thou be near;
O may no earthborn cloud arise
To hide Thee from Thy servant's eyes.

When the soft dews of kindly sleep
My weary eyelids gently steep,
Be my last thought, how sweet to rest
Forever on my Saviour's breast.

Abide with me from morn till eve,
For without Thee I cannot live;
Abide with me when night is nigh,
For without Thee I dare not die.

Come near and bless us when we wake,
Ere through the world our way we take;
Till, in the ocean of Thy love,
We lose ourselves in heav'n above.

455 BAPTISMAL HYMN

Is it Thy will that I should be
Buried, in symbol, Lord, with Thee;
Owning Thee be this solemn sign,
Telling the world that I am Thine?

Gladly I yield obedience now;
In all things to Thy will I'd bow;
I'll follow where my Saviour led,
And humbly in His footsteps tread.

This emblematic, wat'ry grave
Shows forth His love- Who came to save;
And as I enter it, I see
The price my Saviour paid for me.

Forth from Thy burial, Lord, I come,
For Thou hast triumphed o'er the tomb;
Thy resurrection life I share-
My portion is no longer here.

Oh, may I count myself to be
Dead to the sins that wounded Thee,
Dead to the pleasures of this earth,
Unworthy of my heav'nly birth.

Lord Jesus, when I gaze on Thee,
And all Thy radiant glory see,
That joy will far exceed the shame
I bear on earth for Thy loved name.

456 NEAR TO THE HEART OF GOD

There is a place of quiet rest,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where sin cannot molest,
Near to the heart of God.

Refrain:
O Jesus blest Redeemer,
Sent from the heart of God,
Hold us, who wait before Thee,
Near to the heart of God.

There is a place of comfort sweet,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where we our Saviour meet,
Near to the heart of God.

There is a place of full release,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where all is joy and peace,
Near to the heart of God.

457 DAY BY DAY

Day by day and with each passing moment,
Strength I find to meet my trials here;
Trusting in my Father's wise bestowment,
I've no cause for worry or for fear.
He whose heart is kind beyond all measure
Gives unto each day what He deems best,
Lovingly its part of pain and pleasure,
Mingling toil with peace and rest.

Ev'ry day the Lord Himself is near me
With a special mercy for each hour;
All my cares He fain would bear and cheer me,
He whose name is Counsellor and Pow'r.
The protection of His child and treasure
Is a charge that on Himself He laid;
"As thy days, thy strength shall be in measure,"
This the pledge to me He made.

Help me then in ev'ry tribulation
So to trust Thy promises, O Lord,
That I lose not faith's sweet consolation
Offered me within Thy holy word.
Help me, Lord, when toil and trouble meeting;
E'er to take, as from a father's hand,
One by one, the days, the moments fleeting,
Till I reach the promised land.

458 CHRIST LIVETH IN ME

Once far from God and dead in sin,
No light my heart could see;
But in God's Word the light I found,
Now Christ liveth in me.

Refrain:
Christ liveth in me,
Christ liveth in me,
Oh! what a salvation this,
That Christ liveth in me.

As rays of light from yonder sun,
The flow'rs of earth set free,
So life and light and love came forth
From Christ living in me.

As lives the flow'r within the seed,
As in the cone the tree,
So, praise the God of truth and grace,
His Spirit dwelleth in me.

With longing all my heart is filled,
That like Him I may be,
As on the wondrous tho't I dwell
That Christ liveth in me.

459 CONSTANTLY ABIDING

There's a peace in my heart that the world never gave,
A peace it cannot take away;
Tho' the trials of life may surround like a cloud,
I've a peace that has come there to stay!

Refrain:
Constantly abiding, Jesus is mine;
Constantly abiding, rapture divine;
He never leaves me lonely, whispers, O so kind:
"I will never leave thee," Jesus is mine.

All the world seemed to sing of a Saviour and King,
When peace sweetly came to my heart;
Troubles all fled away and my night turned to day,
Blessed Jesus, how glorious Thou art!

This treasure I have in a temple of clay,
While here on His footstool I roam:
But He's coming to take me some glorious day,
Over there to my heavenly home!

460 ON THE LAMB OUR SOULS ARE RESTING

On the Lamb our souls are resting,
What His love no tongue can say,
All our sins, so great, so many,
In His blood are washed away.

Sweetest rest and peace have filled us,
Sweeter praise than tongue can tell;
God is satisfied with Jesus,
We are satisfied as well.

Conscience now no more condemns us,
For His own most precious blood
Once for all has washed and cleansed us,
Cleansed us in the eyes of God.

Filled with this sweet peace forever,
On we go, through strife and care,
Till we find that peace around us
In the Lamb's high glory there.

461 SOMETIMES A LIGHT SURPRISES

Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
It is the Lord who rises
With healing in His wings:
When comforts are declining,
He grants the soul again
A season of clear shining,
To cheer it after rain.

In holy contemplation,
We sweetly then pursue
The theme of God's salvation,
And find it ever new.
Set free from present sorrow,
We cheerfully can say,
"E'en let the unknown morrow
Bring with it what it may."

"It can bring with it nothing,
But He will bear us through;
Who gives the lilies clothing
Will clothe His people too:
Beneath the spreading heavens
No creature but is fed;
And He who feeds the ravens
Will give His children bread."

Though vine nor fig tree neither
Their wonted fruit should bear,
Though all the field should wither,
Nor flocks nor herds be there,
Yet God the same abiding,
His praise shall tune my voice;
For while in Him confiding,
I cannot but rejoice.

462 BE THOU MY VISION

Be Thou my Vision, O Lord of my heart;
Naught be all else to me, save that Thou art;
Thou my best thought, by day or by night,
Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light.

Be Thou my Wisdom, and Thou my true Word;
I ever with Thee and Thou with me, Lord;
Thou my great Father, and I Thy true son,
Thou in me dwelling, and I with Thee one.

Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise;
Thou mine inheritance, now and always;
Thou and Thou only, first in my heart,
High King of heaven, my treasure Thou art.

High King of heaven, my victory won,
May I reach heaven's joys, O bright heav'n's Sun!
Heart of my own heart, whatever befall,
Still be my Vision, O Ruler of all.

463 MORE ABOUT JESUS

More about Jesus would I know,
More of His grace to others show;
More of His saving fullness see,
More of His love who died for me.

Refrain:
More, more about Jesus,
More, more about Jesus;
More of His saving fullness see,
More of His love who died for me.

More about Jesus let me learn,
More of His holy will discern;
Spirit of God, my teacher be,
Showing the things of Christ to me.

More about Jesus in His Word,
Holding communion with my Lord;
Hearing His voice in ev'ry line,
Making each faithful saying mine.

More about Jesus on His throne,
Riches in glory all His own;
More of His kingdom's sure increase;
More of His coming, Prince of Peace.

464 NEARER, STILL NEARER

Nearer, still nearer, close to Thy heart,
Draw me, my Saviour, so precious Thou art;
Fold me, O fold me close to Thy breast,
Shelter me safe in that "Haven of Rest,"
Shelter me safe in that "Haven of Rest."

Nearer, still nearer, nothing I bring,
Naught as an off'ring to Jesus my King;
Only my sinful, now contrite heart,
Grant me the cleansing Thy blood doth impart,
Grant me the cleansing Thy blood doth impart.

Nearer, still nearer, Lord, to be Thine,
Sin, with its follies, I gladly resign;
All of its pleasures, pomp and its pride,
Give me but Jesus, my Lord crucified,
Give me but Jesus, my Lord crucified.

Nearer, still nearer, while life shall last,
Till safe in glory my anchor is cast;
Through endless ages, ever to be,
Nearer, my Saviour, still nearer to Thee,
Nearer, my Saviour, still nearer to Thee.

465 SPEAK TO MY SOUL

Speak to my soul, Lord Jesus,
Speak now in tend'rest tone;
Whisper in loving kindness,
"Thou art not left alone."
Open my heart to hear Thee,
Quickly to hear Thy voice,
Fill Thou my soul with praises,
Let me in Thee rejoice.

Refrain:
Speak Thou in softest whispers,
Whispers of love to me,
"Thou shalt be always conqu'ror,
Thou shalt be always free."
Speak Thou to me each day, Lord,
Always in tend'rest tone,
Let me now hear Thy whisper,
"Thou art not left alone."

Speak to Thy children ever,
Lead in the holy way;
Fill them with joy and gladness,
Teach them to watch and pray.
May they in consecration
Yield their whole lives to Thee,
Hasten Thy coming kingdom,
Till our dear Lord we see.

Speak now as in the old time
Thou didst reveal Thy will;
Let me know all my duty,
Let me Thy Word fulfill.
Lead me to glorify Thee,
Help me to show Thy praise,
Gladly to do Thy bidding,
Honor Thee all my days.

466 SWEET THE MOMENTS, RICH IN BLESSING

Sweet the moments, rich in blessing,
Which before the cross I spend,
Life and health, and peace possessing
From the sinner's dying Friend!

Here I rest, in wonder viewing
All my sins on Jesus laid,
And a full redemption flowing
From the sacrifice He made.

Here I find my hope of heaven,
While upon the Lamb I gaze;
Loving much, and much forgiven;
Let my heart o'erflow in praise.

Love and grief my heart dividing,
With my tears His feet I'll bathe,
Constant still in faith abiding,
Life deriving from His death.

Lord, in ceaseless contemplation
Fix my thankful heart on Thee!
Till I taste Thy full salvation,
And Thine unveiled glory see.

467 HARK, MY SOUL! IT IS THE LORD

Hark, my soul! it is the Lord;
'Tis the Saviour, hear His word;
Jesus speaks, and speaks to thee:
"Say, poor sinner, lov'st thou Me?"

Refrain:
Lord, it is my chief complaint
That my love is weak and faint;
Yet I love Thee, and adore;
O for grace to love Thee more!

"I delivered thee when bound,
And, when bleeding, healed thy wound;
Sought thee wand'ring, set thee right,
Turned thy darkness into light."

"Can a woman's tender care
Cease towards the child she bare?
Yes, she may forgetful be,
Yet will I remember thee."

"Mine is an unchanging love,
Higher than the heights above,
Deeper than the depths beneath,
Free and faithful, strong as death."

"Thou shalt see My glory soon,
When the work of grace is done;
Partner of My throne shalt be:
Say, poor sinner, lov'st thou Me?"

468 DRAW ME NEARER

I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith,
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Refrain:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the pow'r of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with Friend!

There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

469 TAKE TIME TO BE HOLY

Take time to be holy,
Speak oft with thy Lord;
Abide in Him always,
And feed on His Word.
Make friends of God's children;
Help those who are weak;
Forgetting in nothing
His blessing to seek.

Take time to be holy,
The world rushes on;
Spend much time in secret
With Jesus alone;
By looking to Jesus,
Like Him thou shalt be;
Thy friends in thy conduct
His likeness shall see.

Take time to be holy,
Let Him be thy Guide,
And run not before Him,
Whatever betide;
In joy or in sorrow,
Still follow thy Lord,
And, looking to Jesus,
Still trust in His Word.

Take time to be holy,
Be calm in thy soul;
Each thought and each motive
Beneath His control;
Thus led by His Spirit
To fountains of love,
Thou soon shalt be fitted
For service above.

470 IT PASSETH KNOWLEDGE

It passeth knowledge, that dear love of Thine,
My Jesus, Saviour; yet this soul of mine
Would of Thy love, in all its breadth and length,
Its height and depth, its everlasting strength,
Know more and more.

It passeth telling, that dear love of Thine,
My Jesus, Saviour; yet these lips of mine
Would fain proclaim to sinners, far and near,
A love which can remove all guilty fear,
And love beget.

It passeth praises, that dear love of Thine,
My Jesus, Saviour; yet this heart of mine
Would sing that love, so full, so rich, so free,
Which brings a rebel sinner, such as I,
Nigh unto God.

But though I cannot sing, or tell, or know
The fulness of Thy love while here below,
My empty vessel I may freely bring:
O Thou who art of love the living spring,
My vessel fill.

O fill me, Jesus, Saviour, with Thy love!
Lead, lead me to the living fount above;
Thither may I, in simple faith, draw nigh,
And never to another fountain fly,
But unto Thee.

471 HIGHER GROUND

I'm pressing on the upward way,
New heights I'm gaining ev'ry day;
Still praying as I'm onward bound,
Lord, plant my feet on higher ground.

Refrain:
Lord, lift me up and let me stand
By faith on heaven's table-land;
A higher plane than I have found,
Lord, plant my feet on higher ground.

My heart has no desire to stay
Where doubts arise and fears dismay;
Tho' some may dwell where these abound,
My prayer, my aim is higher ground.

I want to live above the world,
Tho' Satan's darts at me are hurled;
For faith has caught the joyful sound,
The song of saints on higher ground.

I want to scale the utmost height,
And catch a gleam of glory bright;
But still I'll pray till heav'n I've found,
Lord, lead me on to higher ground.

472 O FOR A CLOSER WALK WITH GOD

O for a closer walk with God,
A calm and heav'nly frame,
A light to shine upon the road
That leads me to the Lamb!

Where is that blessedness I knew
When first I saw the Lord?
Where is the soulrefreshing view
Of Jesus and His Word?

What peaceful hours I once enjoyed!
How sweet their mem'ry still!
But they have left an aching void
The world can never fill.

Return, O holy Dove! return,
Sweet messenger of rest!
I hate the sins that made Thee mourn,
And drove Thee from my breast.

The dearest idol I have known,
Whate'er that idol be,
Help me to tear it from Thy throne,
And worship only Thee.

So shall my walk be close with God,
Serene and calm my frame;
So purer light shall mark the road
That leads me to the Lamb.

473 FILL ALL MY VISION

Fill all my vision, Saviour, I pray,
Let me see only Jesus today;
Tho' thro' the valley Thou leadest me,
Thy fadeless glory encompasseth me.

Refrain:
Fill all my vision, Saviour divine,
Till with Thy glory my spirit shall shine.
Fill all my vision, that all may see
Thy holy image reflected in me.

Fill all my vision, ev'ry desire
Keep for Thy glory; my soul inspire
With Thy perfection, Thy holy love
Flooding my pathway with light from above.

Fill all my vision, let naught of sin
Shadow the brightness shining within.
Let me see only Thy blessed face,
Feasting my soul on Thy infinite grace.

474 O TELL ME MORE

O tell me more of Christ my Saviour;
On this glad theme dwell o'er and o'er,
His boundless grace, His saving favor,
His precious name, O tell me more!

Refrain:
O tell me more! So much I need
His pow'r to keep, His hand to lead;
O tell me more of Him I love,
Until I see His face above.

O tell me more of love's sweet story,
If you would cheer and comfort me;
How Jesus wept, the King of glory,
Those tender tears of sympathy.

O tell me more! How waves of sorrow
Shall hear His voice say, "Peace, be still";
How after night, bright dawns the morrow,
To those who trust His blessed will.

O tell me more! And I repeating
The happy news shall spread the joy;
Come, blessed Lord, Thy work completing,
Till songs of praise our lips employ.

475 MORE HOLINESS GIVE ME

More holiness give me,
More striving within;
More patience in suff'ring,
More sorrow for sin;
More faith in my Saviour,
More sense of His care;
More joy in His service,
More purpose in prayer.

More gratitude give me,
More trust in the Lord;
More pride in His glory,
More hope in His word;
More tears for His sorrows,
More pain at His grief;
More meekness in trial,
More praise for relief.

More purity give me,
More strength to o'ercome;
More freedom from earth stains,
More longings for home;
More fit for the kingdom,
More used would I be;
More blessed and holy,
More, Saviour, like Thee.

476 MAY THE MIND OF CHRIST MY SAVIOUR

May the mind of Christ, my Saviour,
Live in me from day to day,
By His love and pow'r controlling
All I do and say.

May the Word of God dwell richly
In my heart from hour to hour,
So that all may see I triumph
Only through His pow'r.

May the peace of God, my Father,
Rule my life in ev'rything,
That I may be calm to comfort
Sick and sorrowing.

May the love of Jesus fill me,
As the waters fill the sea;
Him exalting, self abasing,
This is victory.

May I run the race before me,
Strong and brave to face the foe,
Looking only unto Jesus
As I onward go.

May His beauty rest upon me
As I seek the lost to win,
And may they forget the channel,
Seeing only Him.

477 MORE LOVE TO THEE

More love to Thee, O Christ,
More love to Thee!
Hear Thou the prayer I make
On bended knee;
This is my earnest plea:

Refraine:
More love, O Christ, to Thee,
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

Once earthly joy I craved,
Sought peace and rest;
Now Thee alone I seek,
Give what is best;
This all my prayer shall be:

Let sorrow do its work,
Send grief and pain;
Sweet are Thy messengers,
Sweet their refrain,
When they can sing with me:

Then shall my latest breath
Whisper Thy praise;
This be the parting cry
My heart shall raise;
This still its prayer shall be:

478 COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS

When upon life's billows you are tempest-tossed,
When you are discouraged, thinking all is lost,
Count your many blessings, name them one by one,
And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.

Refrain:
Count your blessings, name them one by one;
Count your blessings, see what God hath done;
Count your blessings, name them one by one;
Count your many blessings, see what God hath done.

Are you ever burdened with a load of care?
Does the cross seem heavy you are called to bear?
Count your many blessings; ev'ry doubt will fly,
And you will be singing as the days go by.

When you look at others with their lands and gold,
Think that Christ has promised you His wealth untold;
Count your many blessings, money cannot buy
Your reward in heaven, nor your home on high.

So amid the conflict, whether great or small,
Do not be discouraged, God is over all;
Count your many blessings, angels will attend,
Help and comfort give you to your journey's end.

479 I AM NOT SKILLED TO UNDERSTAND

I am not skilled to understand
What God hath willed, what God hath planned;
I only know at His right hand
Stands One who is my Saviour.

I take Him at His Word and deed:
"Christ died for sinners," this I read;
And in my heart I find a need
Of Him to be my Saviour.

That He should leave His place on high,
And come for sinful man to die,
You count it strange?- so once did I,
Before I knew my Saviour.

And oh, that He fulfilled may see
The travail of His soul in me,
And with His work contented be,
As I with my dear Saviour!

Yea, living, dying, let me bring
My strength, my solace from this spring,
That He who lives to be my King
Once died to be my Saviour.

480 A HEART LIKE THINE

I want, dear Lord, a heart that's true and clean;
A sunlit heart with not a cloud between.
A heart like Thine, a heart as white as snow;
On me, dear Lord, a heart like this bestow.

I want, dear Lord, a love that feels for all;
A deep, strong love that answers ev'ry call.
A love like Thine, a love for high and low;
On me, dear Lord, a love like this bestow.

I want, dear Lord, a soul on fire for Thee;
A soul baptized with heav'nly energy.
A ready hand To do whate'er I know
To spread Thy light wherever I may go.

481 GUIDE ME

Guide me, oh my Father now,
Humbly at Thy feet I bow,
Look upon me in my need,
Strength and grace suffice indeed.

Thou, my all to Thee I bend,
All my being- Dearest Friend,
Do I give Thee, Precious One,
May Thy will in me be done!

Thou art strong and I am weak,
Thy great wisdom do I seek,
Help me by Thy grace to be,
Contrite, humble, used of Thee.

When thro' all Thy wondrous Hand,
I shall be as Thou hast planned,
Thine own servant tried and true,
Pleasing Thee in all I do.

482 A HEART LIKE THINE

I want, dear Lord, a heart that's true and clean;
A sunlit heart with not a cloud between.
A heart like Thine, a heart as white as snow;
On me, dear Lord, a heart like this bestow.

I want, dear Lord, a love that feels for all;
A deep, strong love that answers ev'ry call.
A love like Thine, a love for high and low;
On me, dear Lord, a love like this bestow.

I want, dear Lord, a soul on fire for Thee;
A soul baptized with heav'nly energy.
A ready hand To do whate'er I know
To spread Thy light wherever I may go.

483 LET US LOVE

Let us love, and sing, and wonder,
Let us praise the Saviour's name!
He has hushed the Law's loud thunder,
He has quenched Mt. Sinai's flame;
He has washed us in His blood,
He has brought us nigh to God.

Let us love the Lord who bought us,
Pitied us when enemies,
Called us by His grace, and taught us,
Gave us ears, and gave us eyes:
He has washed us in His blood,
He presents our souls to God.

Let us sing, tho' fierce temptations
Threaten hard to bear us down!
For the Lord, our strong salvation,
Holds in view the conqueror's crown,
He who washed us in His blood,
Soon will bring us home to God.

Let us wonder; grace and justice
Join, and point to mercy's store;
When thro' grace in Christ our trust is,
Justice smiles, and asks no more:
He who washed us in His blood,
Has secured our way to God.

Let us praise, and join the chorus
Of the the saints enthroned on high;
Here they trusted Him before us,
Now their praises fill the sky:
"Thou hast washed us with Thy blood;
Thou art worthy, Lamb of God."

484 I NEED THEE, PRECIOUS SAVIOUR

I need Thee, precious Saviour!
Oh, Thou art all to me;
Before the throne forever,
I stand complete in Thee.
Tho' Satan loud accuses,
Yet I can ever see,
The blood of Christ most precious,
The sinner's perfect plea.

I need Thee, precious Saviour!
For I am very poor;
A stranger and a pilgrim,
I have no earthly store.
I need Thy love, Lord Jesus,
To cheer me on my way,
To guide my doubting footsteps,
To be my strength and stay.

I need Thee, precious Saviour!
I need a friend like Thee:
A friend to soothe and comfort,
A friend to care for me;
I need Thy heart, Lord Jesus,
To feel each anxious care;
To bear my ev'ry burden,
And all my sorrow share.

I need Thee, precious Saviour!
I need Thee day by day,
To fill me with Thy fullness,
To lead me on my way:
I need Thy Holy Spirit
To teach me what I am-
To show me more of Jesus,
To point me to the Lamb.

I need Thee, precious Saviour!
And hope to see Thee soon,
Encircled with the rainbow,
And seated on Thy throne.
There, with Thy blood-bought people,
My joy shall ever be,
To sing Thy praise, Lord Jesus,
And ever gaze on Thee.

485 I HAVE A SHEPHERD

I have a Shepherd, One I love so well;
How He has blessed me tongue can never tell;
On the cross He suffered, shed His blood and died,
That I might ever in His love confide.

Refrain:
Following Jesus, ever day by day,
Nothing can harm me when He leads the way;
Darkness or sunshine, whate'er befall,
Jesus, the Shepherd, is my All in All.

Pastures abundant doth His hand provide,
Still waters flowing ever at my side,
Goodness and mercy follow on my track,
With such a Shepherd nothing can I lack.

When I would wander from the path astray,
Then He will draw me back into the way;
In the darkest valley I need fear no ill,
For He, my Shepherd, will be with me still.

When labor's ended and the journey done,
Then He will lead me safely to my home;
There I shall dwell in rapture sure and sweet,
With all the loved ones gathered round His feet.

486 O MASTER, LET ME WALK WITH THEE

O Master, let me walk with Thee
In lowly paths of service free;
Tell me Thy secret; help me bear
The strain of toil, the fret of care.

Help me the slow of heart to move
By some clear, winning word of love;
Teach me the wayward feet to stay,
And guide them in the homeward way.

Teach me Thy patience! still with Thee
In closer, dearer company,
In work that keeps faith sweet and strong,
In trust that triumphs over wrong;

In hope that sends a shining ray
Far down the future's broad'ning way,
In peace that only Thou canst give,
With Thee, O Master, let me live.

487 SOMETIME WE'LL UNDERSTAND

Not now, but in the coming years,
It may be in the better land,
We'll read the meaning of our tears,
And there, sometime, we'll understand.

Refrain:
Then trust in God through all thy days;
Fear not, for He doth hold thy hand;
Though dark thy way, still sing and praise;
Sometime, sometime, we'll understand.

We'll catch the broken threads again,
And finish what we here began;
Heav'n will the mysteries explain,
And then, ah, then we'll understand.

We'll know why clouds instead of sun
Were over manya cherished plan;
Why song has ceased when scarce begun:
'Tis there, sometime, we'll understand.

Why what we long for most of all
Eludes so oft our eager hand;
Why hopes are crushed and castles fall
Up there, sometime, we'll understand.

God knows the way, He holds the key,
He guides us with unerring hand;
Sometime, with tearless eyes we'll see:
Yes, there, up there, we'll understand.

488 TAKE THE NAME OF JESUS WITH YOU

Take the name of Jesus with you,
Child of sorrow and of woe;
It will joy and comfort give you-
Take it then where'er you go.

Refrain:
Precious name, O how sweet!
Hope of earth and joy of heav'n;
Precious name, O how sweet!
Hope of earth and joy of heav'n.

Take the name of Jesus ever,
As a shield from ev'ry snare;
If temptations 'round you gather,
Breathe that holy name in prayer.

O the precious name of Jesus!
How it thrills our souls with joy,
When His loving arms receive us,
And His songs our tongues employ!

At the name of Jesus bowing,
Falling prostrate at His feet;
King of kings, in heav'n we'll crown Him,
When our journey is complete.

489 JESUS, LOVER OF MY SOUL

Jesus, Lover of my soul,
Let me to Thy bosom fly,
While the nearer waters roll,
While the tempest still is high:
Hide me, O my Saviour, hide,
Till the storm of life is past;
Safe into the haven guide;
O receive my soul at last!

Other refuge have I none;
Hangs my helpless soul on Thee;
Leave, ah! leave me not alone,
Still support and comfort me.
All my trust on Thee is stayed,
All my help from Thee I bring;
Cover my defenseless head
With the shadow of Thy wing.

Wilt Thou not regard my call?
Wilt Thou not accept my prayer?
Lo! I sink, I faint, I fall!
Lo, on Thee I cast my care!
Reach me out Thy gracious hand!
While I of Thy strength receive;
Hoping against hope I stand,
Dying, and behold I live.

Thou, O Christ, art all I want;
More than all in Thee I find;
Raise the fallen, cheer the faint,
Heal the sick, and lead the blind.
Just and holy is Thy name,
I am all unrighteousness;
Vile and full of sin I am,
Thou art full of truth and grace.

Plenteous grace with Thee is found,
Grace to cover all my sin;
Let the healing streams abound;
Make and keep me pure within.
Thou of life the Fountain art,
Freely let me take of Thee;
Spring Thou up within my heart,
Rise to all eternity.

490 JESUS ONLY

What tho' clouds are hovering o'er me,
And I seem to walk alone,
Longing, 'mid my cares and crosses,
For the joys that now are flown,
If I've Jesus, Jesus only,
Then my sky will have a gem;
He's the Sun of brightest splendor,
And the Star of Bethlehem.

What tho' all my earthly journey
Bringeth naught but weary hours;
And, in grasping for life's roses,
Thorns I find instead of flow'rs,
If I've Jesus, Jesus only,
I possess a cluster rare;
He's the Lily of the Valley,
And the Rose of Sharon fair.

What tho' all my heart is yearning
For the loved of long ago,
Bitter lessons sadly learning
From the shadowy page of woe,
If I've Jesus, Jesus only,
He'll be with me to the end;
And, unseen by mortal vision,
Angel bands will o'er me bend.

When I soar to realms of glory,
And an entrance I await,
If I whisper:Jesus only!
Wide will ope the pearly gate;
When I join the heav'nly chorus,
And the angel hosts I see,
Precious Jesus, Jesus only,
Will my theme of rapture be.

491 DOES JESUS CARE?

Does Jesus care when my heart is pained
Too deeply for mirth or song,
As the burdens press, And the cares distress,
And the day grows weary and long?

Refrain:
O yes, He cares; I know He cares;
His heart is touched with my grief;
When the days are weary, the long nights dreary,
I know my Saviour cares.

Does Jesus care when my way is dark
With a nameless dread and fear?
As the daylight fades Into deep night shades,
Does He care enough to be near?

Does Jesus care when I've tried and failed
To resist some temptation strong;
When in my deep grief I find no relief,
Tho' my tears flow all the night long?

Does Jesus care when I've said goodbye,
To the dearest on earth to me,
And my sad heart aches Till it nearly breaks,
Is this aught to Him? Does He see?

492 I LOVE JESUS, HALLELUJAH!

I'm a pilgrim bound for glory,
I'm a pilgrim going home;
Come and hear me tell my story,
All that love the Saviour, come!

Refrain:
Hallelujah! I love Jesus!
Hallelujah! Praise to God!
Hallelujah! He's my Saviour!
He has bought me with His blood!

I will tell you what compelled me
For the better land to start;
'Twas the Saviour's lovingkindness
Overcame and won my heart.

Faint and weary, then He brought me
To the fountain of His love,
Showed me how His blood had bought me,
Sealed my pardon from above.

When I started on my journey,
Many said I'd faint and fail;
But my Saviour's ever with me
And thro' Him I still prevail.

Soon my journey will be ended,
Soon my Lord will come again;
Then, together with the ransomed,
I will praise His glorious Name.

493 ANYWHERE WITH JESUS

Anywhere with Jesus I can safely go;
Anywhere He leads me in this world below;
Anywhere without Him dearest joys would fade;
Anywhere with Jesus I am not afraid.

Refrain:
Anywhere! Anywhere! Fear I cannot know;
Anywhere with Jesus I can safely go.

Anywhere with Jesus I need fear no ill,
Tho' temptations gather round my pathway still;
He Himself was tempted that He might help me;
Anywhere with Jesus I may victor be.

Anywhere with Jesus I am not alone;
Other friends may fail me, He is still my own;
Tho' His hand may lead me over dreary ways,
Anywhere with Jesus is a house of praise.

Anywhere with Jesus over land and sea,
Telling souls in darkness of salvation free;
Ready as He summons me to go or stay,
Anywhere with Jesus when He points the way.

Anywhere with Jesus I can go to sleep,
When the dark'ning shadows round about me creep;
Knowing I shall waken, never more to roam,
Anywhere with Jesus will be home, sweet home.

494 ALL THE WAY MY SAVIOUR LEADS ME

All the way my Saviour leads me;
What have I to ask beside?
Can I doubt His tender mercy,
Who thro' life has been my Guide?
Heav'nly peace, divinest comfort,
Here by faith in Him to dwell!
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well;
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well.

All the way my Saviour leads me,
Cheers each winding path I tread,
Gives me grace for ev'ry trial,
Feeds me with the living bread.
Though my weary steps may falter,
And my soul athirst may be,
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! a spring of joy I see;
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! a spring of joy I see.

All the way my Saviour leads me;
Oh, the fullness of His love!
Perfect rest to me is promised
In my Father's house above.
When my spirit, clothed immortal,
Wings its flight to realms of day,
This my song thro' endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way;
This my song thro' endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way.

495 GUIDE ME, O THOU GREAT JEHOVAH

Guide me, O Thou great Jehovah,
Pilgrim thro' this barren land;
I am weak, but Thou art mighty;
Hold me with Thy pow'rful hand;
Bread of heaven, Bread of heaven,
Feed me till I want no more,
Feed me till I want no more.

Open now the crystal fountain,
Whence the healing stream doth flow;
Let the fire and cloudy pillar
Lead me all my journey through;
Strong Deliv'rer, strong Deliv'rer,
Be Thou still my strength and shield,
Be Thou still my strength and shield.

When I tread the verge of Jordan,
Bid my anxious fears subside;
Death of death, and hell's destruction,
Land me safe on Canaan's side;
Songs of praises, songs of praises
I will ever give to Thee,
I will ever give to Thee.

496 FOLLOW ON

Down in the valley with my Saviour I would go,
Where the flow'rs are blooming and the sweet waters flow;
Ev'rywhere He leads me I would follow, follow on;
Walking in His footsteps till the crown be won.

Refrain:
Follow! follow! I would follow Jesus;
Anywhere, ev'rywhere, I would follow on!
Follow! follow! I would follow Jesus;
Ev'rywhere He leads me I would follow on!

Down in the valley with my Saviour I would go,
Where the storms are sweeping and the dark waters flow;
With His hand to lead me I will never, never fear;
Danger cannot harm me if my Lord is near.

Down in the valley or upon the mountain steep,
Close beside my Saviour would my soul ever keep;
He will lead me safely in the path that He has trod,
Up to where they gather on the hills of God.

497 HE LEADETH ME

He leadeth me, O blessed thought!
O words with heav'nly comfort fraught!
Whate'er I do, where'er I be,
Still 'tis God's hand that leadeth me.

Refrain:
He leadeth me! He leadeth me!
By His own hand He leadeth me;
His faithful foll'wer I would be,
For by His hand He leadeth me.

Sometimes 'mid scenes of deepest gloom,
Sometimes where Eden's bowers bloom,
By waters still, o'er troubled sea,
Still 'tis His hand that leadeth me.

Lord, I would place my hand in Thine,
Nor ever murmur nor repine;
Content, whatever lot I see,
Since 'tis my God that leadeth me.

And when my task on earth is done,
When by Thy grace the vict'ry's won,
E'en death's cold wave I will not flee,
Since God thro' Jordan leadeth me.

498 BEGONE, UNBELIEF

Begone, unbelief; my Saviour is near,
And for my relief will surely appear;
By prayer let me wrestle, and He will perform;
With Christ in the vessel, I smile at the storm.

Though dark be my way, since He is my guide,
'Tis mine to obey, 'tis His to provide;
Though cisterns be broken, and creatures all fail,
The word He has spoken shall surely prevail.

His love in time past forbids me to think
He'll leave me at last in trouble to sink;
Each sweet Ebenezer I have in review
Confirms His good pleasure to help me quite through.

Determined to save, He watched o'er my path,
When, Satan's blind slave, I sported with death;
And can He have taught me to trust in His name,
And thus far have brought me to put me to shame?

Why should I complain of want or distress,
Temptation or pain? He told me no less;
The heirs of salvation, I know from His Word,
Through much tribulation must follow their Lord.

Since all that I meet shall work for my good,
The bitter is sweet, the medicine, food;
Though painful at present, 'twill cease before long;
And then, O how pleasant the conqueror's song!

499 CALL JEHOVAH THY SALVATION

Call Jehovah thy salvation,
Rest beneath th'Almighty's shade,
In His secret habitation
Dwell and never be dismayed:
There no tumult shall alarm thee,
Thou shalt dread no hidden snare;
Guile nor violence can harm thee,
In eternal safeguard there.

From the sword at noonday wasting,
From the noisome pestilence,
In the depth of midnight blasting,
God shall be thy sure defense:
He shall charge His angel legions
Watch and ward o'er thee to keep;
Tho' thou walk thro' lonesome regions,
Tho' in desert wilds thou sleep.

Since with pure and firm affection,
Thou on God hast set thy love,
With the wings of His protection
He will shield thee from above:
Thou shalt call on Him in trouble,
He will hearken, He will save;
Here for grief reward thee double,
Crown with life beyond the grave.

500 BE STILL, MY SOUL

Be still, my soul: the Lord is on thy side;
Bear patiently the cross of grief or pain;
Leave to thy God to order and provide;
In ev'ry change He faithful will remain.
Be still, my soul: thy best, thy heav'nly Friend
Thro' thorny ways leads to a joyful end.

Be still, my soul: thy God doth undertake
To guide the future as He has the past.
Thy hope, thy confidence let nothing shake;
All now mysterious shall be bright at last.
Be still, my soul: the waves and winds still know
His voice who ruled them while He dwelt below.

Be still, my soul: the hour is hast'ning on
When we shall be forever with the Lord,
When disappointment, grief, and fear are gone,
Sorrow forgot, love's purest joys restored.
Be still, my soul: when change and tears are past,
All safe and blessed we shall meet at last.

501 GOD LEADS US ALONG

In shady, green pastures, so rich and so sweet,
God leads His dear children along;
Where the the water's cool flow bathes the weary one's feet,
God leads His dear children along.

Refrain:
Some thro' the waters, Some thro' the flood,
Some thro' the fire, but all thro' the blood;
Some thro' great sorrow, but God gives a song,
In the night season and all the day long.

Sometimes on the mount where the sun shines so bright,
God leads His dear children along;
Sometimes in the valley, in darkest of night,
God leads His dear children along.

Tho' sorrows befall us and Satan oppose,
God leads His dear children along;
Thro' grace we can conquer, defeat all our foes,
God leads His dear children along.

Away from the mire and away from the clay,
God leads His dear children along;
Away up in glory, eternity's day,
God leads His dear children along.

502 UNTO THE HILLS AROUND DO I LIFT UP

Unto the hills around do I lift up
My longing eyes;
O whence for me shall my salvation come,
From whence arise?
From God, the Lord, doth come my certain aid,
From God, the Lord, who heav'n and earth hath made.

He will not suffer that thy foot be moved:
Safe shalt thou be.
No careless slumber shall His eyelids close,
Who keepeth thee.
Behold, our God, the Lord, He slumbereth ne'er,
Who keepeth Israel in His holy care.

Jehovah is Himself thy keeper true,
Thy changeless shade;
Jehovah thy defense on thy right hand
Himself hath made.
And thee no sun by day shall ever smite;
No moon shall harm thee in the silent night.

From ev'ry evil shall He keep thy soul,
From ev'ry sin;
Jehovah shall preserve thy going out,
Thy coming in.
Above thee watching, He whom we adore
Shall keep thee henceforth, yea, for evermore.

503 SAVIOUR, LIKE A SHEPHERD LEAD US

Saviour, like a shepherd lead us,
Much we need Thy tender care;
In Thy pleasant pastures feed us,
For our use Thy folds prepare:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast bought us, Thine we are;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast bought us, Thine we are.

We are Thine; do Thou befriend us,
Be the Guardian of our way;
Keep Thy flock, from sin defend us,
Seek us when we go astray:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray.

Thou hast promised to receive us,
Poor and sinful tho' we be;
Thou hast mercy to relieve us,
Grace to cleanse, and pow'r to free:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee.

Early let us seek Thy favor;
Early let us do Thy will;
Blessed Lord and only Saviour,
With Thy love our bosoms fill:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still.

504 WE'RE MARCHING TO ZION

Come, we that love the Lord,
And let our joys be known,
Join in a song with sweet accord,
Join in a song with sweet accord,
And thus surround the throne,
And thus surround the throne.

Refrain:
We're marching to Zion,
Beautiful, beautiful Zion;
We're marching upward to Zion,
the beautiful city of God.

Let those refuse to sing
Who never knew our God;
But children of the heav'nly King,
But children of the heav'nly King,
May speak their joys abroad,
May speak their joys abroad.

The hill of Zion yields
A thousand sacred sweets
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Or walk the golden streets,
Or walk the golden streets.

Then let our songs abound,
And ev'ry tear be dry;
We're marching thro' Immanuel's ground,
We're marching thro' Immanuel's ground,
To fairer worlds on high,
To fairer worlds on high.

506 NO, NEVER ALONE

How many times discouraged, we sink beside the way;
About us all is darkness, we hardly dare to pray;
Then from the mists and shadows, the sweetest voice e'er known,
Says, "Child, am I not with thee, never to leave thee alone?"

Refrain:
No, never alone! No, never alone!
He promised never to leave me,
Never to leave me alone!
No, never alone! No, never alone!
He promised never to leave me,
Never to leave me alone!

O soul, hast thou forgotten, the tender word and sweet,
Of Him who left behind Him the print of bleeding feet?
"I never will forsake thee, O child so wea ry grown;
Remember, I have promised, never to leave thee alone?"

Take courage, wayworn pilgrim, tho' mists and shadows hide
The face of Him thou lovest, He's ever at thy side;
Reach out thy hand and find Him, and lo, the clouds have flown;
He smiles on thee who promised, never to leave thee alone.

508 WHO WOULD TRUE VALOR SEE

Who would true valor see,
Let him come hither;
One here will constant be,
Come wind, come weather;
There's no discouragement
Shall make him once relent
His first avowed intent
To be a pilgrim.

Whoso beset him round
With dismal stories,
Do but themselves confound;
His strength the more is.
No lion can him fright;
He'll with a giant fight,
But he will have a right
To be a pilgrim.

Hobgoblin nor foul fiend
Can daunt his spirit;
He knows he at the end
Shall life inherit.
Then fancies fly away;
He'll fear not what men say;
He'll labor night and day
To be a pilgrim.

509 HE WHO WOULD VALIANT BE

He who would valiant be
'Gainst all disaster,
Let him in constancy
Follow the Master.
There's no discouragement
Shall make Him once relent
His first avowed intent
To be a pilgrim.

Whoso beset him round
With dismal stories,
Do but themselves confound,
His strength the more is.
No foes shall stay his might;
Though he with giants fight,
He will make good his right
To be a pilgrim.

Since, Lord, thou dost defend
Us with Thy Spirit,
We know we at the end
Shall life inherit.
Then fancies, flee away!
I'll fear not what men say,
I'll labor night and day
To be a pilgrim.

510 HE GIVETH MORE GRACE

He giveth more grace when the burdens grow greater;
He sendeth more strength when the labors increase.
To added affliction He addeth His mercy;
To multiplied trials, His multiplied peace.

Refrain:
His love has no limit, His grace has no measure,
His pow'r has no boundary known unto men;
For out of His infinite riches in Jesus,
He giveth, and giveth, and giveth again!

When we have exhausted our store of endurance,
When our strength has failed ere the day is half done,
When we reach the end of our hoarded resources,
Our Father's full giving is only begun.

511 HOLD THOU MY HAND!

Hold Thou my hand; so weak I am, and helpless,
I dare not take one step without Thy aid;
Hold Thou my hand; for then, O loving Saviour,
No dread of ill shall make my soul afraid.

Hold Thou my hand, and closer, closer draw me
To Thy dear self- my hope, my joy, my all;
Hold Thou my hand, lest haply I should wander,
And, missing Thee, my trembling feet should fall.

Hold Thou my hand; the way is dark before me
Without the sunlight of Thy face divine;
But when by faith I catch its radiant glory,
What heights of joy, what rapturous songs are mine!

Hold Thou my hand, that when I reach the margin
Of that lone river Thou didst cross for me,
A heav'nly light may flash along its waters,
And ev'ry wave like crystal bright shall be.

512 THE SAVIOUR WITH ME

I must have the Saviour with me
For I dare not walk alone;
I must feel His presence near me,
And His arm around me thrown.

Refrain:
Then my soul shall fear no ill,
Let Him lead me where He will
I will go without a murmur,
And His footsteps follow still.

I must have the Saviour with me,
For my faith at best is weak;
He can whisper words of comfort
That no other voice can speak.

I must have the Saviour with me
In the onward march of life,
Thro' the tempest and the sunshine,
Thro' the battle and the strife.

I must have the Saviour with me,
And His eye the way must guide,
Till I reach the vale of Jordan,
Till I cross the rolling tide.

513 NO, NOT ONE

There's not a friend like the lowly Jesus,
No, not one! no, not one!
None else could heal all our soul's diseases,
No, not one! no, not one!

Refrain:
Jesus knows all about our struggles,
He will guide till the day is done;
There's not a friend like the lowly Jesus,
No, not one! no, not one!

No friend like Him is so high and holy,
No, not one! no, not one!
And yet no friend is so meek and lowly,
No, not one! no, not one!

There's not an hour that He is not near us,
No, not one! no, not one!
No night so dark but His love can cheer us,
No, not one! no, not one!

Did ever saint find this Friend forsake him?
No, not one! no, not one!
Or sinner find that He would not take him?
No, not one! no, not one!

Was e'er a gift like the Saviour given?
No, not one! no, not one!
Will He refuse us a home in heaven?
No, not one! no, not one!

514 LEAD ME, SAVIOUR

Saviour, lead me, lest I stray,
Gently lead me all the way;
I am safe when by Thy side,
I would in Thy love abide.

Refrain:
Lead me, lead me, Saviour, lead me, lest I stray;
Gently down the stream of time,
Lead me, Saviour, all the way.

Thou, the refuge of my soul,
When life's stormy billows roll;
I am safe when Thou art nigh,
All my hopes on Thee rely.

Saviour, lead me then at last,
When the storm of life is past,
To the land of endless day,
Where all tears are wiped away.

515 JESUS SHALL LEAD ME

Where He may lead me I will go,
For I have learned to trust Him so;
And I remember 'twas for me
That He was slain on Calvary.

Refrain:
Jesus shall lead me night and day,
Jesus shall lead me all the way;
He is the truest friend to me,
For I remember Calvary.

O I delight in His command,
Love to be led by His dear hand;
His divine will is sweet to me,
Hallowed by blood-stained Calvary.

Onward I go, nor doubt nor fear,
Happy with Christ, my Saviour, near;
Trusting some day that I shall see
Jesus, my Friend of Calvary.

516 NEVER LOSE SIGHT OF JESUS

O pilgrim bound for the heav'nly land,
Never lose sight of Jesus!
He'll lead you gently with loving hand;
Never lose sight of Jesus!

Refrain:
Never lose sight of Jesus!
Never lose sight of Jesus!
Day and night He will lead you right;
Never lose sight of Jesus!

When you are tempted to go astray,
Never lose sight of Jesus!
Press onward, upward the narrow way;
Never lose sight of Jesus!

Tho' dark the pathway may seem ahead,
Never lose sight of Jesus!
"Lo, I am with you," His Word hath said:
Never lose sight of Jesus!

When death is knocking outside the door,
Never lose sight of Jesus!
Till safe with Him on the golden shore;
Never lose sight of Jesus!

517 TEACH ME THY WAY, O LORD

Teach me Thy way, O Lord; Teach me Thy way!
Thy gracious aid afford; Teach me Thy way!
Help me to walk aright, more by faith, less by sight;
Lead me with heav'nly light; Teach me Thy way!

When I am sad at heart, Teach me Thy way!
When earthly joys depart, Teach me Thy way!
In hours of loneliness, in times of dire distress,
In failure or success, Teach me Thy way!

When doubts and fears arise; Teach me Thy way!
When storms o'erspread the skies, Teach me Thy way!
Shine through the cloud and rain, thro' sorrow, toil, and pain;
Make Thou my pathway plain; Teach me Thy way!

Long as my life shall last, Teach me Thy way!
Where'er my lot be cast, Teach me Thy way!
Until the race is run, until the journey's done,
Until the crown is won, Teach me Thy way!

518 I WILL GUIDE THEE

Precious promise God has given
To the weary passerby,
On the way from earth to heaven:
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

Refrain:
"I will guide thee, I will guide thee,
I will guide thee with Mine eye;
On the way from earth to heaven
I will guide thee with Mine eye."

When temptations almost win thee
And thy trusted watchers fly,
Let this promise ring within thee:
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

When thy secret hopes have perished
With the passing years gone by,
Let this promise still be cherished:
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

When the shades of life are falling,
And death's hour is drawing nigh,
Hear thy faithful Saviour calling:
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

519 IN THE HOUR OF TRIAL

In the hour of trial, Jesus, plead for me,
Lest, by base denial, I depart from Thee;
When Thou seest me waver, With a look recall;
Nor for fear or favor Suffer me to fall.

Should Thy mercy send me Sorrow, toil, and woe;
Or should pain attend me On my path below;
Grant that I may never Fail Thy hand to see;
Grant that I may ever Cast my care on Thee.

When, in dust and ashes, To the grave I sink,
While heav'n's glory flashes O'er the shelving brink,
On Thy truth relying Thro' that mortal strife;
Lord, receive me, dying, To eternal life.

520 HE'S THE ONE

Is there anyone can help us, one who understands our hearts,
When the thorns of life have pierced them till they bleed;
One who sympathizes with us, who in wondrous love imparts
Just the very very blessing that we need?

Refrain:
Yes, there's One, only One,
The blessed, blessed Jesus, He's the One!
When afflictions press the soul, When waves of trouble roll,
And you need a friend to help you, He's the One.

Is there anyone can help us, who can give the sinner peace,
When his heart is burdened down with pain and woe;
Who can speak the word of pardon that affords a sweet release,
And whose blood can wash and make us white as snow?

Is there anyone can help us, when the end is drawing near,
Who will go thro' death's dark waters by our side;
Who will light the way before us, and dispel all doubts and fears,
And will bear our spirits safely o'er the tide?

521 MY TIMES ARE IN THY HAND

My times are in Thy hand;
My God, I wish them there;
My life, my friends, my soul I leave
Entirely to Thy care.

My times are in Thy hand;
Whatever they may be,
In joy or pain; 'tho dark or bright,
As best may seem to Thee.

My times are in Thy hand;
Why should I doubt or fear?
My Father's hand will never cause
His child a needless tear.

My times are in Thy hand;
Jesus, the Crucified;
Those hands my cruel sins had pierced
Are now my guard and guide.

My times are in Thy hand;
I'll always trust in Thee;
And, after death, at Thy right hand
I shall forever be.

522 'TIS SO SWEET TO TRUST IN JESUS

'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to take Him at His word;
Just to rest upon His promise;
Just to know, "Thus saith the Lord."

Refrain:
Jesus, Jesus, how I trust Him!
How I've proved Him o'er and o'er!
Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus!
O for grace to trust Him more!

O how sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to trust His cleansing blood;
Just in simple faith to plunge me
'Neath the healing, cleansing flood!

Yes, 'tis sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just from sin and self to cease;
Just from Jesus simply taking
Life and rest, and joy and peace.

I'm so glad I learned to trust Thee,
Precious Jesus, Saviour, Friend;
And I know that Thou art with me,
Wilt be with me to the end.

523 TRUSTING JESUS

Simply trusting ev'ry day,
Trusting thro' a stormy way;
Even when my faith is small,
Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Refrain:
Trusting as the moments fly,
Trusting as the days go by;
Trusting Him whate'er befall,
Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Brightly doth His Spirit shine
Into this poor heart of mine;
While He leads I cannot fall,
Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Singing if my way be clear,
Praying if the path be drear;
If in danger, for Him call;
Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Trusting Him while life shall last,
Trusting Him till earth is past,
Till within the jasper wall-
Trusting Jesus, that is all.

524 LEANING ON THE EVERLASTING ARMS

What a fellowship, what a joy divine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!
What a blessedness, what a peace is mine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!

Refrain:
Leaning, leaning,
Safe and secure from all alarms;
Leaning, leaning,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

O how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!
O how bright the path grows from day to day,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!

What have I to dread, what have I to fear,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!
I have blessed peace with my Lord so near,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

525 TRUST AND OBEY

When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His Word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will,
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.

Refrain:
Trust and obey!
For there's no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.

Not a shadow can rise,
Not a cloud in the skies,
But His smile quickly drives it away;
Not a doubt nor a fear,
Not a sigh nor a tear,
Can abide while we trust and obey.

Not a burden we bear,
Not a sorrow we share,
But our toil He doth richly repay;
Not a grief nor a loss,
Not a frown nor a cross,
But is blest if we trust and obey.

But we never can prove
The delights of His love
Until all on the altar we lay;
For the favor He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for those who will trust and obey.

Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we'll walk by His side in the way;
What He says we will do,
Where He sends we will go-
Never fear, only trust and obey!

526 I NEED THEE EVERY HOUR

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Most gracious Lord;
No tender voice like Thine
Can peace afford.

Refrain:
I need Thee, O I need Thee!
Ev'ry hour I need Thee;
O bless me now, my Saviour!
I come to Thee.

I need Thee ev'ry hour;
Stay Thou nearby;
Temptations lose their pow'r
When Thou art nigh.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
In joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide,
Or life is vain.

I need Thee ev'ry hour;
Teach me Thy will,
And Thy rich promises
In me fulfill.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Most Holy One;
O make me Thine indeed,
Thou blessed Son!

527 I AM TRUSTING THEE

I am trusting Thee, Lord Jesus,
Trusting only Thee,
Trusting Thee for full salvation,
Great and free.

I am trusting Thee for pardon,
At Thy feet I bow;
For Thy grace and tender mercy,
Trusting now.

I am trusting Thee for cleansing
In the crimson flood;
Trusting Thee to make me holy
By Thy blood.

I am trusting Thee to guide me:
Thou alone shalt lead,
Ev'ry day and hour supplying
All my need.

I am trusting Thee for power;
Thine shall never fail;
Words which Thou Thyself shalt give me
Must prevail.

I am trusting Thee, Lord Jesus;
Never let me fall;
I am trusting Thee forever,
And for all.

528 THOU SWEET BELOVED WILL OF GOD

Thou sweet beloved will of God,
My anchor ground, my fortress hill,
My spirit's silent, fair abode,
In Thee I hide me, and am still.

O Will that willest good alone,
Lead Thou the way, Thou guidest best;
A little child, I follow on,
And trusting, lean upon Thy breast.

O lightest burden, sweetest yoke!
It lifts, it bears my happy soul;
It giveth wings to this poor heart;
My freedom is Thy grand control.

Upon God's will I lay me down,
As child upon its mother's breast;
No silken couch, nor softest bed,
Could ever give me such deep rest.

Thou wonderful, grand will, my God,
With triumph now I make it mine;
And faith shall cry a joyous "Yes!"
To ev'ry dear command of Thine.

529 TAKE UP THY CROSS

Take up thy cross, the Saviour said,
If thou wouldst my disciple be:
Deny thyself, the world forsake,
And humbly follow after me.

Take up thy cross; let not its weight
Fill thy weak soul with vain alarm;
His strength shall bear thy spirit up,
And brace thy heart, and nerve thine arm.

Take up thy cross, nor heed the shame,
Nor let thy foolish pride rebel;
The Lord for thee the cross endured
To save thy soul from death and hell.

Take up thy cross, then, in His strength,
And calmly ev'ry danger brave;
'Twill guide thee to a better home,
And lead to vict'ry o'er the grave.

Take up thy cross, and follow Christ,
Nor think till death to lay it down;
For only he who bears the cross
May hope to wear the glorious crown.

530 WHEN I SURVEY THE WONDROUS CROSS

When I survey the wondrous cross,
On which the Prince of glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast
Save in the death of Christ my God:
All the vain things that charm me most,
I sacrifice them to His blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were an off'ring far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

531 WE ARE BY CHRIST REDEEMED

We are by Christ redeemed,
The cost, His precious blood;
Be nothing by our souls esteemed
Like this great good!
Were the vast world our own,
With all its varied store,
And Thou, Lord Jesus, wert unknown,
We still were poor!

Our earthen vessels break,
The world itself grows old;
But Christ our precious dust will take
And freshly mould:
He'll give these bodies vile
A fashion like His own,
He'll bid the whole creation smile,
And hush its groan!

Thus far by grace preserved,
Each moment speeds us on;
The crown and kingdom are reserved
Where Christ is gone.
When cloudless morning shines,
We shall His glory share;
In pleasant places are the lines!
The home, how fair!

To Him our weakness clings,
Thro' tribulation sore,
And seeks the covert of His wings
Till all be o'er;
And when we've run the race,
And fought the faithful fight,
We then shall see Him face to face,
With saints in light.

532 BURDENS ARE LIFTED AT CALVARY

Days are filled with sorrow and care,
Hearts are lonely and drear;
Burdens are lifted at Calvary,
Jesus is very near.

Refrain:
Burdens are lifted at Calvary,
Calvary, Calvary;
Burdens are lifted at Calvary,
Jesus is very near.

Cast your care on Jesus today,
Leave your worry and fear;
Burdens are lifted at Calvary,
Jesus is very near.

Troubled soul, the Saviour can see
Ev'ry heartache and tear;
Burdens are lifted at Calvary,
Jesus is very near.

533 I GREET THEE, WHO MY SURE REDEEMER ART

I greet Thee, who my sure Redeemer art,
My only trust and Saviour of my heart,
Who pain didst undergo for my poor sake;
I pray Thee from our hearts all cares to take.

Thou art the King of mercy and of grace,
Reigning omnipotent in ev'ry place:
So come, O King, and our whole being sway;
Shine on us with the light of Thy pure day.

Thou art the life, by which alone we live,
And all our substance and our strength receive;
Sustain us by Thy faith and by Thy pow'r,
And give us strength in ev'ry trying hour.

Thou hast the true and perfect gentleness,
Thou hast no harshness and no bitterness;
O grant to us the grace we find in Thee,
That we may dwell in perfect unity.

534 ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE TO HIM

All things are possible to him,
That can in Jesus' name believe;
Lord, I no more Thy name blaspheme,
Thy truth I lovingly receive;
I can, I do believe in Thee;
All things are possible to me.

The most impossible of all
Is that I e'er from sin should cease;
Yet shall it be, I know it shall;
Jesus I trust Thy faithfulness.
If nothing is too hard for Thee;
All things are possible to me.

Tho' earth and hell the Word gainsay,
The Word of God shall never fail;
The The Lord can break sin's iron sway;
'Tis certain, tho' impossible.
When from the reign of sin set free,
All things are possible to me.

All things are possible to God;
To Christ, the pow'r of God in me;
Now shed Thy mighty Self abroad,
Let me no longer live, but Thee.
Give me this hour in Thee to prove
The sweet omnipotence of love.

535 NO, NOT DESPAIRINGLY

No, not despairingly Come I to Thee;
No, not distrustingly Bend I the knee:
Sin hath gone over me,
Yet is this still my plea,
Jesus hath died.

Ah! mine iniquity Crimson has been,
Infinite, infinite Sin upon sin;
Sin of not loving Thee,
Sin of not trusting Thee,
Infinite sin.

Lord, I confess to Thee Sadly my sin;
All I am tell I Thee, All I have been:
Purge Thou my sin away,
Wash Thou my soul this day;
Lord, make me clean.

Faithful and just art Thou Forgiving all;
Loving and kind art Thou When poor ones call:
Lord, let the cleansing blood,
Blood of the Lamb of God,
Pass o'er my soul.

Then all is peace and light This soul within;
Thus shall I walk with Thee, The loved Unseen;
Leaning on Thee, my God,
Guided along the road,
Nothing between.

536 O MAKE ME UNDERSTAND IT

Give me a sight, O Saviour,
Of Thy wondrous love to me,
Of the love that bro't Thee down to earth,
To die on Calvary.

Refrain:
Oh, make me understand it,
Help me to take it in,
What it meant to Thee, the Holy One,
To bear away my sin.

Was it the nails, O Saviour,
That bound Thee to the tree?
Nay, 'twas Thine everlasting love,
Thy love for me, for me.

Oh, wonder of all wonders,
That thro' Thy death for me,
My open sins, my secret sins,
Can all forgiven be.

Then melt my heart, O Saviour,
Bend me, yea, break me down,
Until I own Thee Conqueror,
And Lord and Sov'reign crown.

537 NOT I, BUT CHRIST

Not I but Christ be honored, loved, exalted;
Not I but Christ be seen, be known, be heard;
Not I but Christ in ev'ry look and action;
Not I but Christ in ev'ry tho't and word.

Refrain:
Oh, to be saved from myself, dear Lord!
Oh, to be lost in Thee!
Oh, that it may be no more I, dear Lord,
but Christ that lives in me.

Not I but Christ to gently soothe in sorrow;
Not I but Christ to wipe the falling tear;
Not I but Christ to lift the heavy burden;
Not I but Christ to hush away all fear.

Christ, only Christ, ere long will fill my vision;
Glory excelling soon, full soon I'll see-
Christ, only Christ my ev'ry wish fulfilling-
Christ, only Christ my all in all to be.

538 GIVE OF YOUR BEST

Give of your best to the Master;
Give Him first place in your heart;
Give Him first place in your service,
Fully surrender each part.
Give, and to you shall be given;
God His beloved Son gave;
Gratefully seeking to serve Him,
Give Him the best that you have.

Give of your best to the Master;
Give of the strength of your youth;
Armed with the sword of salvation,
Join in the battle for truth.
Jesus has set the example;
His life for others He gave;
Give Him your loyal devotion,
Give Him the best that you have.

Give of your best to the Master:
Give Him your silver and gold;
Give Him your time for the Gospel,
Gathering sheep to His fold.
Give Him your gifts and your talents-
All He so graciously gave;
Make Him your heart's meditation,
Give Him the best that you have.

Give of your best to the Master;
Naught else is worthy His love;
He gave Himself for your ransom,
Gave up His glory above:
Laid down His life without murmur,
You from sin's ruin to save;
Give Him your heart's adoration,
Give Him the best that you have.

539 SOMETHING FOR THEE

Saviour, Thy dying love Thou gavest me;
Nor should I aught withhold, Dear Lord, from Thee;
In love my soul would bow, My heart fulfill its vow,
Some off'ring bring Thee now, Something for Thee.

At the blest mercyseat Pleading for me,
My feeble faith looks up, Jesus, to Thee;
Help me the cross to bear, Thy wondrous love declare,
Some song to raise, or prayer- Something for Thee.

Give me a faithful heart, Likeness to Thee,
That each departing day, Henceforth may see
Some work of love begun, Some deed of kindness done,
Some wand'rer sought and won- Something for Thee.

All that I am and have- Thy gifts so free-
In joy, in grief, through life, Dear Lord, for Thee!
And when Thy face I see, My ransomed soul shall be,
Through all eternity, Something for Thee.

540 WHITER THAN SNOW

Lord Jesus, I long to be perfectly whole;
I want Thee forever to live in my soul;
Break down ev'ry idol, cast out ev'ry foe;
Now wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.

Refrain:
Whiter than snow, yes, whiter than snow;
Now wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, look down from Thy throne in the skies,
And help me to make a complete sacrifice;
I give up myself, and whatever I know,
Now wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, for this I most humbly entreat,
I wait, blessed Lord, at Thy crucified feet;
By faith, for my cleansing, I see Thy blood flow,
Now wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, Thou seest I patiently wait,
Come now, and within me a new heart create;
To those who have sought Thee, Thou never saidst "No,"
Now wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.

541 O JESUS, I HAVE PROMISED

O Jesus, I have promised
To serve Thee to the end;
Be Thou forever near me,
My Master and my friend:
I shall not fear the battle
If Thou art by my side,
Nor wander from the pathway
If Thou wilt be my guide.

O let me feel Thee near me:
The world is ever near;
I see the sights that dazzle,
The tempting sounds I hear;
My foes are ever near me,
Around me and within;
But, Jesus, draw Thou nearer,
And shield my soul from sin.

O let me hear Thee speaking
In accents clear and still,
Above the storms of passion,
The murmurs of self-will;
O speak to reassure me,
To hasten or control;
O speak, and make me listen,
Thou guardian of my soul.

O Jesus, Thou hast promised,
To all who follow Thee,
That where Thou art in glory
There shall Thy servant be;
And, Jesus, I have promised
To serve Thee to the end:
O give me grace to follow,
My Master and my friend.

542 MY FAITH LOOKS UP TO THEE

My faith looks up to Thee,
Thou Lamb of Calvary,
Saviour divine!
Now hear me while I pray;
Take all my guilt away;
O let me from this day
Be wholly Thine!

May Thy rich grace impart
Strength to my fainting heart,
My zeal inspire;
As Thou hast died for me,
O may my love to Thee
Pure, warm, and changeless be,
A living fire.

While life's dark maze I tread,
And griefs around me spread,
Be Thou my guide;
Bid darkness turn to day,
Wipe sorrow's tears away,
Nor let me ever stray
From Thee aside.

When ends life's transient dream,
When death's cold, sullen stream
Shall o'er me roll;
Blest Saviour, then, in love,
Fear and distrust remove;
O bear me safe above,
A ransomed soul.

543 SEARCH ME, O GOD! MY ACTIONS TRY

Search me, O God! my actions try,
And let my life appear
As seen by Thine all-searching eye-
To me my ways make clear.

Throw light into the darkened cells,
Where passion reigns within;
Quicken by conscience till it feels
The loathsomeness of sin.

Search all my thoughts, the secret springs,
The motives that control;
The chambers where polluted things
Hold empire o'er the soul.

Search, till Thy fiery glance has cast
Its holy light thro' all,
And I by grace am brought at last
Before Thy face to fall.

Thus prostrate I shall learn of Thee,
What now I feebly prove,
That God alone in Christ can be
Unutterable love!

544 O LOVE THAT WILT NOT LET ME GO

O Love that wilt not let me go,
I rest my weary soul in Thee;
I give Thee back the life I owe,
That in Thine ocean depths its flow
May richer, fuller be.

O Light that follow'st all my way,
I yield my flick'ring torch to Thee;
My heart restores its borrowed ray,
That in Thy sunshine's blaze its day
May brighter, fairer be.

O Joy that seekest me thro' pain,
I cannot close my heart to Thee;
I trace the rainbow thro' the rain,
And feel the promise is not vain
That morn shall tearless be.

O Cross that liftest up my head,
I dare not ask to fly from Thee;
I lay in dust life's glory dead,
And from the ground there blossoms red
Life that shall endless be.

O Faith that quickened me in death,
I owe my inward life to Thee;
By Thee God's Son is mine indeed,
And has supplied my ev'ry need
By Blood at Calvary.

545 LORD, SEND ME ANYWHERE

O Lord, since Thou hast died
To give Thyself for me,
No sacrifice could be too great
For me to make for Thee.

Refrain:
Lord, send me anywhere, Only go with me;
Lay any burden on me, Only sustain me.
Sever any tie, Save the tie that binds me to Thy heart-
Lord Jesus, my King, I consecrate my life, Lord, to Thee.

I only have one life,
And that will soon be past;
I want my life to count for Christ,
What's done for Him will last.

I follow Thee, my Lord,
And glory in Thy cross;
I gladly leave the world behind
And count all gain as loss.

546 JESUS, I MY CROSS HAVE TAKEN

Jesus, I my cross have taken,
All to leave and follow Thee;
Destitute, despised, forsaken,
Thou, from hence, my all shalt be:
Perish ev'ry fond ambition,
All I've sought, and hoped, and known;
Yet how rich is my condition,
God and heav'n are still my own!

Let the world despise and leave me,
They have left my Saviour, too;
Human hearts and looks deceive me;
Thou art not, like man, untrue;
And, while Thou shalt smile upon me,
God of wisdom, love, and might,
Foes may hate, and friends may shun me;
Show Thy face, and all is bright.

Man may trouble and distress me,
'Twill but drive me to Thy breast;
Life with trials hard may press me,
Heav'n will bring me sweeter rest.
O 'tis not in grief to harm me,
While Thy love is left to me;
O 'twere not in joy to charm me,
Were that joy unmixed with Thee.

Haste thee on from grace to glory,
Armed by faith and winged by prayer;
Heav'n's eternal day's before thee,
God's own hand shall guide thee there.
Soon shall close thy earthly mission,
Swift shall pass thy pilgrim days,
Hope shall change to glad fruition,
Faith to sight, and prayer to praise.

547 HAVE THINE OWN WAY, LORD

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Thou art the Potter; I am the clay.
Mould me and make me After Thy will,
While I am waiting, Yielded and still.

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Search me and try me, Master, today.
Whiter than snow, Lord, Wash me just now,
As in Thy presence Humbly I bow.

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Wounded and weary, Help me, I pray.
Power, all power, Surely is Thine;
Touch me and heal me, Saviour divine.

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Hold o'er my being Absolute sway.
Fill with Thy Spirit Till all shall see
Christ only, always, Living in me.

548 WHERE HE LEADS ME I WILL FOLLOW

I can hear my Saviour calling,
I can hear my Saviour calling,
I can hear my Saviour calling,
"Take thy cross and follow, follow Me."

Refrain:
Where He leads me I will follow,
Where He leads me I will follow,
Where He leads me I will follow,
I'll go with Him, with Him all the way.

I'll go with Him thro' the garden,
I'll go with Him thro' the garden,
I'll go with Him thro' the garden,
I'll go with Him, with Him all the way.

I'll go with Him thro' the judgment,
I'll go with Him thro' the judgment,
I'll go with Him thro' the judgment,
I'll go with Him, with Him all the way.

He will give me grace and glory,
He will give me grace and glory,
He will give me grace and glory,
And go with me, with me all the way.

549 LEAD US, O LORD

Lead us, O Lord, by Thine omniscient eye.
Only Thy ways shall ever satisfy.
Dark is the path; our steps are yet unknown.
Show us the Light of Thine eternal Throne,
Show us the Light of Thine eternal Throne.

Teach us, O Lord; help us to count our days.
Take now our hearts; apply to them Thy ways.
Let Thy rich Word our counsel ever be,
Dwelling in us thro'out eternity,
Dwelling in us thro'out eternity.

Send us, O Lord, to show redeeming love,
Our strength renewed by Thy free grace above.
Keep our hearts pure; by fire our works refine:
So may the praise and glory all be Thine,
So may the praise and glory all be Thine!

550 SEARCH ME, O GOD

Search me, O God, and know my heart today;
Try me, O Saviour, know my thoughts, I pray.
See if there be some wicked way in me;
Cleanse me from ev'ry sin and set me free.

I praise Thee, Lord, for cleansing me from sin;
Fulfill Thy Word and make me pure within.
Fill me with fire where once I burned with shame;
Grant my desire to magnify Thy name.

Lord, take my life and make it wholly Thine;
Fill my poor heart with Thy great love divine.
Take all my will, my passion, self and pride;
I now surrender, Lord- in me abide.

O Holy Ghost, revival comes from Thee;
Send a revival- start the work in me.
Thy Word declares Thou wilt supply our need;
For blessings now, O Lord, I humbly plead.

551 TAKE THOU OUR MINDS, DEAR LORD

Take Thou our minds, dear Lord, we humbly pray;
Give us the mind of Christ each passing day;
Teach us to know the truth that sets us free;
Grant us in all our thoughts to honor Thee.

Take Thou our hearts, O Christ, they are Thine own;
Come Thou within our souls and claim Thy throne;
Help us to shed abroad Thy deathless love;
Use us to make the earth like heav'n above.

Take Thou our wills, Most High! Hold Thou full sway;
Have in our in most souls Thy perfect way;
Guard Thou each sacred hour from selfish ease;
Guide Thou our ordered lives as Thou dost please.

Take Thou ourselves, O Lord, heart, mind, and will;
Thro' our surrendered souls Thy plans fulfill.
We yield ourselves to Thee- time, talents, all;
We hear, and henceforth heed, Thy sov'reign call.

552 I SURRENDER ALL

All to Jesus I surrender,
All to Him I freely give;
I will ever love and trust Him,
In His presence daily live.

Refrain:
I surrender all, I surrender all;
All to Thee, my blessed Saviour,
I surrender all.

All to Jesus I surrender,
Humbly at His feet I bow;
Worldly pleasures all forsaken,
Take me, Jesus, take me now.

All to Jesus I surrender,
Make me, Saviour, wholly Thine;
Let me feel the Holy Spirit,
Truly know that Thou art mine.

All to Jesus I surrender,
Lord, I give myself to Thee;
Fill me with Thy love and power,
Let Thy blessing fall on me.

All to Jesus I surrender,
Now I feel the sacred flame;
O the joy of full salvation!
Glory, glory to His name!

553 GLORY TO THE LAMB!

Precious Saviour, Thou hast saved me;
Thine, and only Thine I am;
O the cleansing blood has reached me!
Glory, glory, to the Lamb!

Refrain:
Glory, glory, hallelujah!
Glory, glory to the Lamb!
O the cleansing blood has reached me!
Glory, glory, to the Lamb!

Long my yearning heart was striving
To obtain this precious rest;
But when all my struggles ended,
Simply trusting, I was blest.

Consecrated to Thy service,
I will live and die for Thee;
I will witness to Thy glory
Of salvation full and free.

Glory to the Lord who bought me!
Glory for His saving pow'r!
Glory to the Lord who keeps me!
Glory, glory, evermore!

554 TAKE THE WORLD BUT GIVE ME JESUS

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
All its joys are but a name;
But His love abideth ever,
Thro' eternal years the same.

Refrain:
O the height and depth of mercy!
O the length and breadth of love!
O the fullness of redemption,
Pledge of endless life above!

Take the world, but give me Jesus,
Sweetest comfort of my soul;
With my Saviour watching o'er me
I can sing, tho' billows roll.

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
Let me view His constant smile;
Then thro'out my pilgrim journey
Light will cheer me all the while.

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
In His cross my trust shall be,
Till, with clearer, brighter vision,
Face to face my Lord I see.

555 LEAD ME TO CALVARY

King of my life, I crown Thee now,
Thine shall the glory be;
Lest I forget Thy thorn-crowned brow,
Lead me to Calvary.

Refrain:
Lest I forget Gethsemane;
Lest I forget Thine agony;
Lest I forget Thy love for me,
Lead me to Calvary.

Show me the tomb where Thou wast laid,
Tenderly mourned and wept;
Angels in robes of light arrayed
Guarded Thee whilst Thou slept.

Let me like Mary, thro' the gloom,
Come with a gift to Thee;
Show to me now the empty tomb,
Lead me to Calvary.

May I be willing, Lord, to bear
Daily my cross for Thee;
Even Thy cup of grief to share-
Thou hast borne all for me.

556 ONLY ONE LIFE

Only one life to offer-
Jesus, my Lord and King;
Only one tongue to praise Thee
And of Thy mercy sing (forever);
Only one heart's devotion-
Saviour, O may it be
Consecrated alone to Thy matchless glory,
Yielded fully to Thee.

Only this hour is mine, Lord-
May it be used for Thee;
May ev'ry passing moment
Count for eternity (my Saviour);
Souls all about are dying,
Dying in sin and shame;
Help me bring them the message of Calv'ry's redemption
In Thy glorious name.

Only one life to offer-
Take it, dear Lord, I pray;
Nothing from Thee withholding,
Thy will I now obey (my Jesus);
Thou who hast freely given
Thine all in all for me,
Claim this life for Thine own, to be used, my Saviour,
Ev'ry moment for Thee.

557 TEMPLES OF THE SPIRIT

Called to separation With the Crucified,
Temples of the Spirit, Saved and sanctified,
Set apart for service, By God's hand ordained,
We the cross have taken, By His love constrained.

Refrain:
Step by step with Jesus,
All along life's way,
Now the cross and conflict,
Then the perfect day.

Christ the veil has entered, With the blood He shed,
Sin's great debt is cancelled, Love's own feast is spread;
Now in Christ we're chosen Kings and priests to be,
Living off'rings bringing, His own blood our plea.

Like a boundless ocean Ever rolling in,
Comes this flood of blessing, Seeking lives to win;
Who such love can fathom, From God's heart which flows,
Or such grace e'er measure, Which His hand bestows?

Pressing onward, upward, Life grows pure and strong.
'Tis the vision splendid Saves from all that's wrong;
In the steps of Jesus, We would plant our own,
Blessed path of triumph, Leading to the throne.

558 WASH ME, O LAMB OF GOD

Wash me, O Lamb of God, Wash me from sin!
By Thine atoning blood, O make me clean!
Purge me from ev'ry stain, Let me Thine image gain,
In love and mercy reign O'er all within!

Wash me, O Lamb of God, Wash me from sin!
I long to be like Thee, All pure within.
Now let the crimson tide, Shed from Thy wounded side,
Be to my heart applied, And make me clean.

Wash me, O Lamb of God, Wash me from sin!
I will not, cannot rest Till pure within.
All human skill is vain, But Thou canst cleanse each stain
Till not a spot remain- Made wholly clean.

Wash me, O Lamb of God, Wash me from sin!
By faith Thy cleansing blood Now makes me clean.
So near art Thou to me, So sweet my rest in Thee-
O blessed purity, Saved, saved from sin!

Wash me, O Lamb of God, Wash me from sin!
Thou, while I trust in Thee, Wilt keep me clean.
Each day to Thee I bring Heart, life- yea, ev'rything;
Saved, while to Thee I cling, Saved from all sin!

559 JESUS CALLS US! O'ER THE TUMULT

Jesus calls us o'er the tumult
Of our life's wild, restless sea,
Day by day His sweet voice soundeth,
Saying, "Christian, follow Me."

As of old apostles heard it
By the Galilean lake,
Turned from home and toil and kindred,
Leaving all for His dear sake.

Jesus calls us from the worship
Of the vain world's golden store,
From each idol that would keep us,
Saying, "Christian, love Me more."

In our joys and in our sorrows,
Days of toil and hours of ease,
Still He calls in cares and pleasures,
"Christian, love Me more than these."

Jesus calls us: by Thy mercies,
Saviour, may we hear Thy call,
Give our hearts to Thine obedience,
Serve and love Thee best of all.

560 TAKE MY LIFE AND LET IT BE

Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

Take my hands, and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet, and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

Take my voice and let me sing
Always only for my King;
Take my lips, and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

Take my silver and my gold,
Not a mite would I withhold:
Take my intellect, and use
Ev'ry pow'r as Thou shalt choose,
Ev'ry pow'r as Thou shalt choose.

Take my will, and make it Thine;
It shall be no longer mine:
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store:
Take myself, and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

561 LIVING FOR JESUS

Living for Jesus a life that is true,
Striving to please Him in all that I do;
Yielding allegiance, glad-hearted and free,
This is the pathway of blessing for me.

Refrain:
O Jesus, Lord and Saviour, I give myself to Thee;
For Thou, in Thine atonement, Didst give Thyself for me;
I own no other Master, My heart shall be Thy throne;
My life I give, henceforth to live,
O Christ, for Thee alone.

Living for Jesus who died in my place,
Bearing on Calv'ry my sin and disgrace;
Such love constrains me to answer His call,
Follow His leading and give Him my all.

Living for Jesus wherever I am,
Doing each duty in His holy name;
Willing to suffer affliction and loss,
Taking each trial as part of my cross.

Living for Jesus thro' earth's little while,
My dearest treasure, the light of His smile;
Seeking the lost ones He died to redeem,
Bringing the weary to find rest in Him.

562 I GAVE MY LIFE FOR THEE

I gave My life for thee,
My precious blood I shed,
That thou might'st ransomed be,
And quickened from the dead;
I gave, I gave My life for thee,
What hast thou giv'n for Me?

My Father's house of light,
My glory-circled throne
I left for earthly night,
For wand'rings sad and lone;
I left, I left it all for thee,
Hast thou left aught for Me?

I suffered much for thee,
More than thy tongue can tell,
Of bitterest agony,
To rescue thee from hell;
I've borne, I've borne it all for thee,
What hast thou borne for Me?

And I have brought to thee,
Down from My home above,
Salvation full and free,
My pardon and My love;
I bring, I bring rich gifts to thee,
What hast thou brought to Me?

563 LORD, SPEAK TO ME

Lord, speak to me, that I may speak
In living echoes of Thy tone;
As Thou hast sought, so let me seek
Thy erring children lost and lone.

O lead me, Lord, that I may lead
The wand'ring and the wav'ring feet;
O feed me, Lord, that I may feed
Thy hung'ring ones with manna sweet.

O teach me, Lord, that I may teach
The precious things Thou dost impart;
And wing my words, that they may reach
The hidden depths of many a heart.

O give Thine own sweet rest to me,
That I may speak with soothing pow'r
A word in season, as from Thee,
To weary ones in needful hour.

O fill me with Thy fullness, Lord,
Until my very heart o'erflow
In kindling thought and glowing word,
Thy love to tell, Thy praise to show.

O use me, Lord, use even me,
Just as Thou wilt, and when, and where,
Until Thy blessed face I see,
Thy rest, Thy joy, Thy glory share.

565 MAKE ME A CAPTIVE, LORD

Make me a captive, Lord,
And then I shall be free;
Force me to render up my sword,
And I shall conqu'ror be.
I sink in life's alarms
When by myself I stand;
Imprison me within Thine arms,
And strong shall be my hand.

My heart is weak and poor
Until it master find;
It has no spring of action sure-
It varies with the wind.
It cannot freely move
Till Thou hast wrought its chain;
Enslave it with Thy matchless love,
And deathless it shall reign.

My pow'r is faint and low
Till I have learned to serve;
It wants the needed fire to glow,
It wants the breeze to nerve;
It cannot drive the world,
Until itself be driv'n;
Its flag can only be unfurled
When Thou shalt breathe from heav'n.

My will is not my own
Till Thou hast made it Thine;
If it would reach a monarch's throne
It must its crown resign;
It only shall endure,
Amid the clashing strife
When resting in Thine arms secure
It finds in Thee its life.

566 CHANNELS ONLY

How I praise Thee, precious Saviour,
That Thy love laid hold of me;
Thou hast saved and cleansed and filled me
That I might Thy channel be.

Refrain:
Channels only, blessed Master,
But with all Thy wondrous pow'r
Flowing thro' us, Thou canst use us
Ev'ry day and ev'ry hour.

Just a channel, full of blessing
To the thirsty hearts around;
To tell out Thy full salvation,
All Thy loving message sound.

Emptied that Thou shouldest fill me,
A clean vessel in Thy hand;
With no pow'r but as Thou givest
Graciously with each command.

Witnessing Thy pow'r to save me,
Setting free from self and sin;
Thou who boughtest to possess me,
In Thy fullness, Lord, come in.

Jesus, fill now with Thy Spirit
Hearts that full surrender know;
That the streams of living water
From our inner man may flow.

567 THROW OUT THE LIFE-LINE!

Throw out the lifeline across the dark wave,
There is a brother whom someone should save;
Somebody's brother! oh, who then will dare
To throw out the lifeline, his peril to share?

Refrain:
Throw out the lifeline! throw out the lifeline!
Someone is drifting away;
Throw out the lifeline! throw out the lifeline!
Someone is sinking today.

Throw out the lifeline with hand quick and strong;
Why do you tarry, why linger so long?
See! he is sinking; O hasten today,
And out with the lifeboat! away, then, away!

Throw out the lifeline to danger-fraught men,
Sinking in anguish where you've never been;
Winds of temptation and billows of woe
Will soon hurl them out where the dark waters flow.

Soon will the season of rescue be o'er,
Soon will they drift to eternity's shore;
Haste, then, my brother! no time for delay,
But throw out the lifeline, and save them today.

568 THE LOWER LIGHTS

Brightly beams our Father's mercy
From His lighthouse evermore,
But to us He gives the keeping
Of the lights along the shore.

Refrain:
Let the lower lights be burning!
Send a gleam across the wave!
Some poor fainting, struggling sea-man
You may rescue, you may save.

Dark the night of sin has settled,
Loud the angry billows roar;
Eager eyes are watching, longing,
For the lights along the shore.

Trim your feeble lamp, my brother;
Some poor sailor, tempest-tossed,
Trying now to make the harbor,
In the darkness may be lost.

569 LORD, GRANT MY YEARNING HEART'S DESIRE

Lord, grant my yearning heart's desire
That I be filled with fervent zeal,
To save poor sinners from the fire,
To snatch them from the verge of hell,
And turn them to a pard'ning God,
To cleanse their souls in Jesus' blood.

I would the precious time redeem,
And longer live for this alone,
To spend, and to be spent, for them
Who have not yet my Saviour known;
Fully on these my mission prove,
And only breathe, to breathe Thy love.

My talents, gifts, and graces, Lord,
Into Thy blessed hands receive;
And let me live to preach Thy Word,
And only to Thy glory live;
My ev'ry sacred moment spend
To publish forth the sinners' Friend.

Enlarge, inflame, and fill my heart
With Thine own boundless love divine!
So shall I all my strength exert,
And love them with a zeal like Thine;
And lead them to Thy open side,
The sheep for whom their Shepherd died.

570 RESCUE THE PERISHING

Rescue the perishing, care for the dying,
Snatch them in pity from sin and the grave;
Weep o'er the erring one, lift up the fallen,
Tell them of Jesus, the mighty to save.

Refrain:
Rescue the perishing, care for the dying;
Jesus is merciful, Jesus will save.

Tho' they are slighting Him, still He is waiting,
Waiting the penitent child to receive;
Plead with them earnestly, plead with them gently:
He will forgive if they only believe.

Down in the human heart, crushed by the tempter,
Feelings lie buried that grace can restore;
Touched by a loving heart, wakened by kindness,
Chords that were broken will vibrate once more.

Rescue the perishing, duty demands it;
Strength for thy labor the Lord will provide;
Back to the narrow way patiently win them;
Tell the poor wand'rer a Saviour has died.

571 OUR SERVICE FOR GOD

Our service for God has been barren and dry,
And barren it shall remain,
Until we are blessed with the fire from on high,
And sound of abundance of rain.

Refrain:
There is sound of abundance of rain,
There is sound of abundance of rain;
To God we draw near, and by by faith we can hear
The sound of abundance of rain.

The prophets of pride and the priests of desire
Are calling and cutting in vain;
The halting are waiting for witness of fire,
And sound of abundance of rain.

The altars of God that our sins have destroyed
We must build with the things that remain;
And prove to the world that no promise is void
By sound of abundance of rain.

572 HE THAT WINNETH SOULS IS WISE

Blessed is the service of our Lord and King,
Precious are the jewels we may help to bring;
Down the passing ages words of counsel ring:
He that winneth souls is wise.

Refrain:
He that winneth souls is wise;
In the home beyond the skies,
There's a crown of glory,
O the wondrous prize!
He that winneth souls is wise.

In the quiet homelife, showing love's bright ray,
More and more like Jesus living ev'ry day,
We may guide a dear one to the heav'nward way:
He that winneth souls is wise.

Out upon the highway, going forth with prayer,
For the lost and straying seeking ev'rywhere,
Close beside the Shepherd, we His joy may share:
He that winneth souls is wise.

Sow beside all waters, sow the gospel seed,
Here a word in season, there a loving deed;
Sinners to the Saviour be it ours to lead:
He that winneth souls is wise.

573 MAKE ME A CHANNEL OF BLESSING

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Is the love of God flowing thro' you?
Are you telling the lost of the Saviour?
Are you ready His service to do?

Refrain:
Make me a channel of blessing today,
Make me a channel of blessing, I pray;
My life possessing, my service blessing,
Make me a channel of blessing today.

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Are you burdened for those who are lost?
Have you urged upon those who are straying
The Saviour who died on the cross?

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Is it daily telling for Him?
Have you spoken the word of salvation
To those who are dying in sin?

We cannot be channels of blessing
If we consciously trifle with sin;
We will barriers be and a hindrance
To those we are trying to win.

574 SEEKING THE LOST

Seeking the lost, yes, kindly entreating
Wanderers on the mountain astray;
"Come unto Me," His message repeating,
Words of the Master speaking today.

Refrain:
Going afar upon the mountain,
Bringing the wand'rer back again,
Going afar upon the mountain,
Bringing the wand'rer back again,

Seeking the lost, and pointing to Jesus,
Souls that are weak and hearts that are sore;
Leading them forth in ways of salvation,
Showing the path to life evermore.

Thus I would go on missions of mercy,
Following Christ from day unto day;
Cheering the faint, and raising the fallen;
Pointing the lost to Jesus, the Way.

575 WORK, FOR THE NIGHT IS COMING

Work, for the night is coming,
Work thro' the morning hours;
Work while the dew is sparkling;
Work 'mid springing flow'rs.
Work when the day grows brighter,
Work in the glowing sun;
Work, for the night is coming,
When man's work is done.

Work, for the night is coming,
Work thro' the sunny noon;
Fill brightest hours with labor,
Rest comes sure and soon.
Give ev'ry flying minute
Something to keep in store;
Work, for the night is coming,
When man works no more.

Work, for the night is coming,
Under the sunset skies;
While their bright tints are glowing,
Work, for daylight flies.
Work till the last beam fadeth,
Fadeth to shine no more;
Work, while the night is darkening,
When man's work is o'er.

576 ABOVE THINE OWN AMBITIONS HERE

Above thine own ambitions here
Another voice is sounding clear;
It is the call of God to thee:
O leave thy all, and follow Me!

Refrain:
Go thro' with God, thy vows to pay,
Thy life upon the altar lay;
The Holy Ghost will do the rest,
And bring to thee God's very best!

The call of God, it is so clear,
But friendships call, and home is dear;
Ah, lonely was the path He trod,
Then wilt thou not go on with God?

So soon eternal morn shall dawn,
How fast the night is hast'ning on;
So soon His lovely face to see,
How sad to empty-handed be!

The price is high, severe the test
For those who would enjoy God's best;
Surrender all, then take the road
With those who will go thro' with God.

577 I WOULD BE TRUE

I would be true, for there are those who trust me;
I would be pure, for there are those who care;
I would be strong, for there is much to suffer;
I would be brave, for there is much to dare;
I would be brave, for there is much to dare.

I would be friend of all-the foe, the friendless;
I would be giving, and forget the gift;
I would be humble, for I know my weakness;
I would look up, and laugh, and love, and lift;
I would look up, and laugh, and love, and lift.

I would be prayerful thro' each busy moment;
I would be constantly in touch with God;
I would be tuned to hear His slightest whisper;
I would have faith to keep the path Christ trod;
I would have faith to keep the path Christ trod.

578 JESUS, AND SHALL IT EVER BE?

Jesus, and shall it ever be,
A mortal man ashamed of Thee?
Ashamed of Thee, whom angels praise,
Whose glories shine thro' endless days?

Ashamed of Jesus! sooner far
Let evening blush to own a star;
He sheds the beams of light divine
O'er this benighted soul of mine.

Ashamed of Jesus! that dear Friend
On whom my hopes of heav'n depend!
No; when I blush, be this my shame,
That I no more revere His name.

Ashamed of Jesus! yes, I may,
When I've no guilt to wash away;
No tear to wipe, no good to crave,
No fears to quell, no soul to save.

Till then, nor is my boasting vain,
Till then I boast a Saviour slain;
And O, may this my glory be,
That Christ is not ashamed of me!

579 LORD, IN THE FULNESS OF MY MIGHT

Lord, in the fulness of my might
I would for Thee be strong;
While runneth o'er each dear delight,
To Thee should soar my song.

I would not give the world my heart,
And then profess Thy love;
I would not feel my strength depart,
And then Thy service prove.

Lord, I would not with swift winged zeal
On this world's errands go,
And labor up the heav'nly hill
With weary feet and slow.

O not for Thee my weak desires,
My poorer, baser part!
O not for Thee my fading fires,
The ashes of my heart!

O choose me in my golden time,
In my dear joys have part!
For Thee the glory of my prime,
The fulness of my heart!

580 GO, LABOR ON

Go, labor on; spend, and be spent,
Thy joy to do the Father's will;
It is the way the Master went;
Should not the servant tread it still?

Go, labor on; 'tis not for naught;
Thy earthly loss is heav'nly gain;
Men heed thee, love thee, praise thee not,
The Master praises, what are men?

Go, labor on, while yet 'tis day;
The world's dark night is hast'ning on;
Speed, speed thy work, cast sloth away;
It is not thus that souls are won.

Men die in darkness at thy side,
Without a hope to cheer the tomb;
Take up the torch and wave it wide,
The torch that lights time's thickest gloom.

Toil on, and in thy toil rejoice;
For toil comes rest, for exile home;
Soon shalt thou hear the Bridegroom's voice,
The midnight peal, "Behold, I come!"

581 STAND UP, STAND UP FOR JESUS

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
Ye soldiers of the cross,
Lift high His royal banner,
It must not suffer loss;
From vict'ry unto vict'ry,
His army shall He lead,
Till ev'ry foe is vanquished,
And Christ is Lord indeed.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
The trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict,
In this His glorious day.
Ye that are men, now serve Him,
Against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger,
And strength to strength oppose.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
Stand in His strength alone;
The arm of flesh will fail you-
Ye dare not trust your own;
Put on the gospel armor,
Each piece put on with prayer;
Where duty calls, or danger,
Be never wanting there.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
The strife will not be long;
This day the noise of battle,
The next, the victor's song;
To him that overcometh,
A crown of life shall be;
He with the King of glory
Shall reign eternally.

582 WE NEVER NEED BE VANQUISHED

We never need be vanquished,
We never need give in,
Though waging war with Satan,
And compassed round by sin.
Temptations will beset us,
Allurements oft assail,
But in the Name of Jesus
We shall, we must prevail.

God wills not that His people
By sin enthralled should be,
But that their lives, as ransomed,
Be lives of victory;
And so at our disposal
He places all His pow'r,
That we from its resources
May draw in danger's hour.

Herein is hid the secret
Of an all-glorious life
Whereby we conquer Satan,
And rise above sin's strife.
Abiding in the Saviour,
Self prostrate in the dust,
We live to do His bidding
In glad perpetual trust.

We in ourselves are nothing,
A small and feeble host,
Nor have we aught of prowess
Wherein to make our boast.
Our stronghold is Christ Jesus,
His grace alone we plead,
His Name our shield and banner,
Himself- just all we need.

583 WE FACE A TASK UNFINISHED

We face a task unfinished,
That drives us to our knees,
A need, that undiminished,
Rebukes our slothful ease,
We, who rejoice to know Thee,
Renew before Thy Throne
The solemn pledge we owe Thee
To go and make Thee known.

Where other lords beside Thee
Hold their unhindered sway,
Where forces that defied Thee
Defy Thee still today,
With none to heed their crying
For life, and love, and light,
Unnumbered souls are dying
And passing into night.

We bear the torch that flaming
Fell from the hands of those
Who gave their lives proclaiming
That Jesus died and rose.
Ours is the same commission,
The same glad message ours,
Fired by the same ambition.
To Thee we yield our powers.

O Father who sustained them,
O Spirit who inspired,
Saviour, whose love constrained them
To toil with zeal untired,
From cowardice defend us,
From lethargy awake!
Forth on Thine errands send us
To labor for Thy sake.

584 STAND UP, STAND UP FOR JESUS

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
Ye soldiers of the cross,
Lift high His royal banner,
It must not suffer loss;
From vict'ry unto vict'ry,
His army shall He lead,
Till ev'ry foe is vanquished,
And Christ is Lord indeed.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
The trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict,
In this His glorious day.
Ye that are men, now serve Him,
Against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger,
And strength to strength oppose.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
Stand in His strength alone;
The arm of flesh will fail you-
Ye dare not trust your own;
Put on the gospel armor,
Each piece put on with prayer;
Where duty calls, or danger,
Be never wanting there.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
The strife will not be long;
This day the noise of battle,
The next, the victor's song;
To him that overcometh,
A crown of life shall be;
He with the King of glory
Shall reign eternally.

585 AM I A SOLDIER OF THE CROSS?

Am I a soldier of the cross,
A foll'wer of the Lamb,
And shall I fear to own His cause,
Or blush to speak His name?

Must I be carried to the skies
On flow'ry beds of ease,
While others fought to win the prize,
And sailed thro' bloody seas?

Are there no foes for me to face?
Must I not stem the flood?
Is this vile world a friend to grace,
To help me on to God?

Sure I must fight, if I would reign;
Increase my courage, Lord;
I'll bear the toil, endure the pain,
Supported by Thy word.

586 LOOKING TO CHRIST

See the Christian, battle weary,
Wounded on the field of life;
As he prays the foe is nearing,
Armed with bitterness for strife:
Let me see the Christ of glory,
The Blest Author of my faith;
Word of Life, come and restore me,
I need Thine abundant grace!

Then a ray of hope from heaven
Catches up his downcast eyes;
Strength returns as light is given-
So to look at Christ on High.
Now I see the Christ of glory,
The Blest Author of my faith;
View of Life, my soul restoring,
Fills me with abundant grace!

Night has come, and fiercest fighting
Rages hard on ev'ry hand;
Yet the vision, still abiding,
Makes the joyful Christian stand.
Looking to the Christ of glory,
The Blest Author of my faith-
Truth and Life I see before me
Giving more abundant grace!

Thus he greets the morn' victorious,
More than conqu'ror of the foe;
Thro' the sight he has of Jesus
Overcoming death and woe.
Look unto the Christ of glory,
The Blest Author of our faith;
Peace of God, our souls restoring,
Has for us abundant grace!

587 IF GOD BE FOR US

Rejoice in the Lord! O let His mercy cheer;
He sunders the bands that enthrall;
Redeemed by His blood, why should we ever fear,
Since Jesus is our all in all?

Refrain:
If God be for us, if God be for us, if God be for us,
Who can be against us? Who? Who? Who?
Who can be against us, against us?

Be strong in the Lord! rejoicing in His might,
Be loyal and true day by day;
When evils assail, be valiant for the right,
And He will be our strength and stay.

Confide in His Word, His promises so sure;
In Christ they are yea and amen;
Tho' earth pass away, they ever shall endure,
'Tis written o'er and o'er again.

Abide in the Lord; secure in His control,
'Tis life everlasting begun;
To pluck from His hand the weakest trembling soul,
It never ever can be done!

588 A MIGHTY FORTRESS IS OUR GOD

A mighty fortress is our God,
A bulwark never failing;
Our helper He, amid the flood
Of mortal ills prevailing.
For still our ancient foe
Doth seek to work us woe;
His craft and pow'r are great,
And, armed with cruel hate,
On earth is not his equal.

Did we in our own strength confide,
Our striving would be losing;
Were not the right Man on our side,
The Man of God's own choosing.
Dost ask who that may be?
Christ Jesus, it is He;
Lord Sabaoth, His name,
From age to age the same,
And He must win the battle.

And tho' this world, with devils filled,
Should threaten to undo us,
We will not fear, for God hath willed
His truth to triumph thro' us.
The Prince of Darkness grim-
We tremble not for him;
His rage we can endure,
For lo, his doom is sure,
One little word shall fell him.

That word above all earthly pow'rs,
No thanks to them, abideth;
The Spirit and the gifts are ours
Thro' Him who with us sideth.
Let goods and kindred go,
This mortal life also;
The body they may kill:
God's truth abideth still,
His kingdom is forever.

589 SOLDIERS OF CHRIST, ARISE

Soldiers of Christ, arise,
And put your armor on,
Strong in the strength which God supplies
Thro' His eternal Son;
Strong in the Lord of hosts,
And in His mighty pow'r,
Who in the strength of Jesus trusts
Is more than conqueror.

Stand, then, in His great might,
With all His strength endued;
And take, to arm you for the fight,
The panoply of God.
That having all things done,
And all your conflicts past,
Ye may o'ercome thro' Christ alone,
And stand entire at last.

Leave no unguarded place,
No weakness of the soul;
Take ev'ry virtue, ev'ry grace,
And fortify the whole.
From strength to strength go on,
Wrestle and fight and pray;
Tread all the pow'rs of darkness down,
And win the wellfought day.

590 THE BANNER OF THE CROSS

There's a royal banner given for display
To the soldiers of the King;
As an ensign fair we lift it up today,
While as ransomed ones we sing.

Refrain:
Marching on, marching on,
For Christ count ev'rything but loss!
And to crown Him King, toil and sing
'Neath the banner of the cross!

Tho' the foe may rage and gather as the flood,
Let the standard be displayed;
And beneath its folds, as soldiers of the Lord,
For the truth be not dismayed!

Over land and sea, wherever man may dwell,
Make the glorious tidings known;
Of the crimson banner now the story tell,
While the Lord shall claim His own!

When the glory dawns- 'tis drawing very near-
It is hastening day by day-
Then before our King the foe shall disappear,
And the cross the world shall sway!

591 THE SON OF GOD GOES FORTH TO WAR

The Son of God goes forth to war,
A kingly crown to gain;
His blood-red banner streams afar:
Who follows in His train?
Who best can drink his cup of woe,
Triumphant over pain,
Who patient bears his cross below,
He follows in His train.

The martyr first, whose eagle eye
Could pierce beyond the grave,
Who saw his Master in the sky,
And called on Him to save:
Like Him, with pardon on his tongue
In midst of mortal pain,
He prayed for them that did the wrong:
Who follows in his train?

A glorious band, the chosen few
On whom the Spirit came,
Twelve valiant saints, their hope they knew,
And mocked the cross and flame:
They met the tyrant's brandished steel,
The lion's gory mane;
They bowed their necks the death to feel:
Who follows in their train?

A noble army, men and boys,
The matron and the maid,
Around the Saviour's throne rejoice,
In robes of light arrayed:
They climbed the steep ascent of heaven
Thro' peril, toil, and pain;
O God, to us may grace be given
To follow in their train.

592 ONWARD! CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS

Onward, Christian soldiers, Marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus Going on before:
Christ the royal Master Leads against the foe;
Forward into battle, See, His banners go.

Refrain:
Onward, Christian soldiers,
Marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus
Going on before.

At the name of Jesus, Satan's host doth flee;
On then, Christian soldiers, On to victory!
Hell's foundations quiver At the shout of praise:
Brothers, lift your voices; Loud your anthems raise.

Like a mighty army Moves the church of God;
Brothers, we are treading Where the saints have trod;
We are not divided, All one body we,
One in hope and doctrine, One in charity.

Crowns and thrones may perish, Kingdoms rise and wane,
But the church of Jesus Constant will remain;
Gates of hell can never 'Gainst that church prevail;
We have Christ's own promise, And that cannot fail.

Onward, then, ye people, Join our happy throng,
Blend with ours your voices In the triumph song;
Glory, laud, and honor Unto Christ the King;
This thro' countless ages Men and angels sing.

593 O FOR A FAITH THAT WILL ENDURE

O for a faith that will endure
Tho' pressed by many a foe;
A faith that always stands secure
Thro' ev'ry earthly woe.

That will not murmur nor complain
Beneath the chast'ning rod,
But in the hour of grief or pain
Can lean upon its God.

A faith that shines more bright and clear
When tempests rage without;
That when in danger knows no fear,
In darkness feels no doubt;

A faith that keeps the narrow way
Till life's last spark is fled,
And with a pure and heav'nly ray
Lights up a dying bed.

Lord, give me such a faith as this,
And then, what e'er may come,
I'll taste e'en here the hallowed bliss
Of an eternal home.

594 MARCHING ON IN THE LIGHT OF GOD

Marching on in the light of God,
Marching on, I am marching on,
Up the path that the Master trod,
Marching, marching on.

Refrain:
A robe of white, a crown of gold,
A harp, a home, a mansion fair,
A victor's palm, a joy untold
Are mine when I get there.
For Jesus is my Saviour,
He's washed my sins away,
Paid the debt on Calv'ry's mountain;
Happy in His dying love, singing all the day,
I'm living, yes, I'm living in the fountain.

Marching on thro' the hosts of sin,
Vict'ry's mine while I've Christ within.
Up the path that the Master trod,
Marching, marching on.

Marching on in the Spirit's might,
More than conqueror in the fight.
Up the path that the Master trod,
Marching, marching on.

Marching on to the realms above,
There to sing of redeeming love.
Up the path that the Master trod,
Marching, marching on.

595 MY SOUL, BE ON THY GUARD

My soul, be on thy guard,
Ten thousand foes arise;
The hosts of sin are pressing hard
To draw thee from the skies.

O watch, and fight, and pray,
The battle ne'er give o'er;
Renew it boldly ev'ry day,
And help divine implore.

Ne'er think the vict'ry won,
Nor lay thine armor down;
The work of faith will not be done,
Till thou obtain the crown.

Fight on, my soul, till death
Shall bring thee to thy God;
He'll take thee, at thy parting breath,
To His divine abode.

596 FAITH IS THE VICTORY!

Encamped along the hills of light,
Ye Christian soldiers, rise,
And press the battle ere the night
Shall veil the glowing skies.
Against the foe in vales below,
Let all our strength be hurled;
Faith is the victory, we know,
That overcomes the world.

Refrain:
Faith is is the victory!
Faith is is the victory!
Oh, glorious victory,
That overcomes the world.

His banner over us is love,
Our sword the Word of God;
We tread the road the saints above
With shouts of triumph trod.
By faith they, like a whirlwind's breath,
Swept on o'er ev'ry field;
The faith by which they conquered death
Is still our shining shield.

On ev'ry hand the foe we find
Drawn up in dread array;
Let tents of ease be left behind,
And onward to the fray;
Salvation's helmet on each head,
With truth all girt about,
The earth shall tremble 'neath our tread,
And echo with our shout.

To him that overcomes the foe,
White raiment shall be giv'n;
Before the angels he shall know
His name confessed in heav'n.
Then onward from the hills of light,
Our hearts with love aflame,
We'll vanquish all the hosts of night,
In Jesus' conqu'ring name.

597 FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT

Fight the good fight with all thy might!
Christ is thy strength, and Christ thy right;
Lay hold on life, and it shall be
Thy joy and crown eternally.

Run the straight race thro' God's good grace,
Lift up thine eyes, and seek His face;
Life with its way before us lies,
Christ is the path, and Christ the prize.

Cast care aside, lean on thy Guide,
His boundless mercy will provide;
Trust, and thy trusting soul shall prove
Christ is its life, and Christ its love.

Faint not nor fear, His arms are near,
He changeth not, and thou art dear;
Only believe, and thou shalt see
That Christ is all in all to thee.

598 SOUND THE BATTLE CRY

Sound the battle cry!
See, the foe is nigh;
Raise the standard high For the Lord;
Gird your armor on,
Stand firm, ev'ry one;
Rest your cause upon His holy Word.

Refrain:
Rouse, then, soldiers, rally 'round the banner!
Ready, steady, pass the word along;
Onward, forward, shout aloud "Hosanna!"
Christ is Captain of the mighty throng.

Strong to meet the foe,
Marching on we go,
While our cause, we know, Must prevail;
Shield and banner bright,
Gleaming in the light;
Battling for the right We ne'er can fail.

O Thou God of all,
Hear us when we call,
Help us one and all By Thy grace;
When the battle's done,
And the vict'ry's won,
May we wear the crown Before Thy face.

599 HOLD THE FORT

Ho, my comrades! see the signal
Waving in the sky!
Reinforcements now appearing,
Victory is nigh!

Refrain:
Hold the fort, for I am coming,
Jesus signals still;
Wave the answer back to heaven,
By Thy grace we will.

See the mighty host advancing,
Satan leading on;
Mighty men around us falling,
Courage almost gone!

See the glorious banner waving!
Hear the trumpet blow!
In our Leader's name we'll triumph
Over ev'ry foe!

Fierce and long the battle rages,
But our help is near:
Onward comes our great Commander,
Cheer, my comrades, cheer!

600 WE REST ON THEE

We rest on Thee- our Shield and our Defender!
We go not forth alone against the foe;
Strong in Thy strength, safe in Thy keeping tender,
We rest on Thee, and in Thy Name we go;
Strong in Thy strength, safe in Thy keeping tender,
We rest on Thee, and in Thy Name we go.

Yea, in Thy Name, O Captain of salvation!
In Thy dear Name, all other names above;
Jesus our Righteousness, our sure Foundation,
Our Prince of glory and our King of love;
Jesus our Righteousness, our sure Foundation,
Our Prince of glory and our King of love.

We go in faith, our own great weakness feeling,
And needing more each day Thy grace to know:
Yet from our hearts a song of triumph pealing:
"We rest on Thee, and in Thy Name we go."
Yet from our hearts a song of triumph pealing:
"We rest on Thee, and in Thy Name we go."

We rest on Thee- our Shield and our Defender!
Thine is the battle, Thine shall be the praise
When passing thro' the gates of pearly splendor,
Victors- we rest with Thee thro' endless days;
When passing thro' the gates of pearly splendor,
Victors- we rest with Thee thro' endless days.

601 LEAD ON, O KING ETERNAL

Lead on, O King Eternal,
The day of march has come;
Henceforth in fields of conquest
Thy tents shall be our home.
Thro' days of preparation
Thy grace has made us strong,
And now, O King Eternal,
We lift our battle song.

Lead on, O King Eternal,
Till sin's fierce war shall cease,
And holiness shall whisper
The sweet Amen of peace;
For not with swords loud clashing,
Nor roll of stirring drums,
With deeds of love and mercy
The heav'nly kingdom comes.

Lead on, O King Eternal,
We follow, not with fears;
For gladness breaks like morning
Where'er Thy face appears;
Thy cross is lifted o'er us;
We journey in its light:
The crown awaits the conquest;
Lead on, O God of might.

602 VICTORY THROUGH GRACE

Conquering now and still to conquer,
Rideth a King in His might,
Leading the host of all the faithful
Into the midst of the fight;
See them with courage advancing,
Clad in their brilliant array,
Shouting the name of their Leader,
Hear them exultingly say:

Refrain:
Not to the strong is the battle,
Not to the swift is the race,
Yet to the true and the faithful
Vict'ry is promised through grace.

Conquering now and still to conquer,
Who is this wonderful King?
Whence are the armies which He leadeth,
While of His glory they sing?
He is our Lord and Redeemer,
Saviour and Monarch divine;
They are the stars that forever
Bright in His Kingdom will shine.

Conquering now and still to conquer,
Jesus, Thou Ruler of all,
Thrones and their scepters all shall perish,
Crowns and their splendor shall fall,
Yet shall the armies Thou leadest,
Faithful and true to the last,
Find in Thy mansions eternal
Rest, when their warfare is past.

603 ROLL THE SEA AWAY

When Israel out of bondage came,
A sea before them lay;
The Lord reached down His mighty hand,
And rolled the sea away.

Refrain:
Then forward still, 'tis Jehovah's will,
Tho' the billows dash and spray;
With a conqu'ring tread, we will push ahead,
He'll roll the sea away.

Before me was a sea of sin,
So great, I feared to pray;
My heart's desire the Saviour read,
And rolled the sea away.

When sorrows dark, like stormy waves,
Were dashing o'er my way,
Again the Lord in mercy came,
And rolled the sea away.

And when I reach the sea of death,
For needed grace I'll pray;
I know the Lord will quickly come,
And roll the sea away.

604 WHO IS ON THE LORD'S SIDE?

Who is on the Lord's side? Who will serve the King?
Who will be His helpers, Other lives to bring?
Who will leave the world's side? Who will face the foe?
Who is on the Lord's side? Who for Him will go?
By Thy call of mercy, By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side, Saviour, we are Thine.

Not for weight of glory, Not for crown and palm,
Enter we the army, Raise the warrior psalm;
But for love that claimeth Lives for whom He died;
He whom Jesus nameth Must be on His side.
By Thy love constraining, By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side, Saviour, we are Thine.

Jesus, Thou hast bought us, Not with gold or gem,
But with Thine own lifeblood, For Thy diadem.
With Thy blessing filling Each who comes to Thee,
Thou hast made us willing, Thou hast made us free.
By Thy grand redemption, By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side, Saviour, we are Thine.

Fierce may be the conflict, Strong may be the foe,
But the King's own army None can overthrow.
'Round His standard ranging Vict'ry is secure;
For His truth unchanging Makes the triumph sure.
Joyfully enlisting By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side, Saviour, we are Thine.

605 DARE TO STAND

Take your stand with the Son of God,
O be faithful to His name;
Plant your feet on the Word of God,
It shall ever be the same.

Refrain:
Dare to stand alone for Christ,
Claim the blood He sacrificed;
Lift the name of Jesus high,
Press onward to the sky.

We are marching toward our goal,
All the world before us lies;
With our Captain we shall endure,
Till we gain the heav'nly prize.

Join us, Christian, and take your stand,
Daily feast upon His Word;
Face the foe with your sword in hand,
Till the vict'ry shout is heard.

606 SAFE IN THE ARMS OF JESUS

Safe in the arms of Jesus,
Safe on His gentle breast,
There, by His love o'ershaded,
Sweetly my soul shall rest.
Hark! 'tis the voice of angels
Borne in a song to me
Over the fields of glory,
Over the jasper sea.

Refrain:
Safe in the arms of Jesus,
Safe on His gentle breast,
There, by His love o'ershaded,
Sweetly my soul shall rest.

Safe in the arms of Jesus,
Safe from corroding care,
Safe from the world's temptations-
Sin cannot harm me there.
Free from the blight of sorrow,
Free from my doubts and fears;
Only a few more trials,
Only a few more tears!

Jesus, my heart's dear refuge,
Jesus has died for me;
Firm on the Rock of Ages
Ever my trust shall be.
Here let me wait with patience,
Wait till the night is o'er,
Wait till I see the morning
Break on the golden shore.

607 HE HIDETH MY SOUL

A wonderful Saviour is Jesus my Lord,
A wonderful Saviour to me;
He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock,
Where rivers of pleasure I see.

Refrain:
He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock
That shadows a dry, thirsty land;
He hideth my life in the depths of His love,
And covers me there with His hand,
And covers me covers me there with His hand.

A wonderful Saviour is Jesus my Lord,
He taketh my burden away;
He holdeth me up, and I shall not be moved,
He giveth me strength as my day.

With numberless blessings each moment He crowns,
And, filled with His fullness divine,
I sing in my rapture, oh, glory to God
For such a Redeemer as mine!

When clothed in His brightness, transported I rise
To meet Him in clouds of the sky,
His perfect salvation, His wonderful love,
I'll shout with the millions on high.

608 HIDING IN THEE

O safe to the Rock that is higher than I,
My soul in its conflicts and sorrows would fly;
So sinful, so weary, Thine, Thine would I be;
Thou blest "Rock of Ages," I'm hiding in Thee.

Refrain:
Hiding in Thee, Hiding in Thee,
Thou blest "Rock of Ages,"
I'm hiding in Thee.

In the calm of the noontide, in sorrow's lone hour,
In times when temptation casts o'er me its pow'r;
In the tempests of life, on its wide, heaving sea,
Thou blest "Rock of Ages," I'm hiding in Thee.

How oft in the conflict, when pressed by the foe,
I have fled to my Refuge and breathed out my woe;
How often, when trials like seabillows roll,
Have I hidden in Thee, O Thou Rock of my soul.

610 HOW FIRM A FOUNDATION

How firm a foundation, ye saints of the Lord,
Is laid for your faith in His excellent Word!
What more can He say than to you He hath said,
To you who for refuge to Jesus have fled?

"In ev'ry condition- in sickness, in health,
In poverty's vale, or abounding in wealth;
At home or abroad, on the land, on the sea,
As days may demand, shall thy strength ever be.

"Fear not, I am with thee, O be not dismayed,
For I am thy God, I will still give thee aid;
I'll strengthen thee, help thee, and cause thee to stand,
Upheld by My gracious, omnipotent hand.

"When through the deep waters I call thee to go,
The rivers of sorrow shall not overflow,
For I will be with thee, thy trials to bless,
And sanctify to thee thy deepest distress.

"When through fiery trials thy pathway shall lie,
My grace all-sufficient shall be thy supply;
The flame shall not hurt thee; I only design
Thy dross to consume, and thy gold to refine.

"The soul that on Jesus hath leaned for repose,
I will not, I will not desert to his foes;
That soul, though all hell should endeavor to shake,
I'll never, no never, no never forsake!"

611 UNDER HIS WINGS

Under His wings I am safely abiding;
Tho' the night deepens and tempests are wild.
Still I can trust Him; I know He will keep me;
He has redeemed me, and I am His child.

Refrain:
Under His wings, under His wings,
Who from His love can sever?
Under His wings my soul shall abide,
Safely abide forever.

Under His wings, what a refuge in sorrow!
How the heart yearningly turns to His rest!
Often when earth has no balm for my healing,
There I find comfort, and there I am blest.

Under His wings, O what precious enjoyment!
There will I hide till life's trials are o'er;
Sheltered, protected, no evil can harm me;
Resting in Jesus I'm safe evermore.

612 I WILL NOT FORGET THEE

Sweet is the promise, "I will not forget thee";
Nothing can molest or turn my soul away;
E'en tho' the night be dark within the valley,
Just beyond is shining an eternal day.

Refrain:
I will not forget thee or leave thee,
In My hands I'll hold thee, in My arms I'll fold thee;
I will not forget thee or leave thee,
I am thy Redeemer, I will care for thee.

How can I show my gratitude to Jesus,
For His love unfailing and His tender care?
I will proclaim to others His salvation,
That they may accept Him and His promise share.

Trusting the promise "I will not forget thee,"
Onward will I go with songs of joy and praise;
Tho' earth despise me, tho' my friends forsake me,
Jesus will be near me, gladdening my days.

When at the golden portals I am standing,
All my tribulations, all my sorrows past,
How sweet to hear the blessed proclamation:
Enter, faithful servant, welcome home at last.

613 MORE SECURE IS NO ONE EVER

More secure is no one ever
Than the loved ones of the Saviour,
Not yon star on high abiding
Nor the bird in home nest hiding.

God His own doth tend and nourish;
In His holy courts they flourish.
From all evil things He spares them;
In His loving arms He bears them.

Neither life nor death shall ever
From the Lord His children sever;
Unto them His grace He showeth,
And their sorrows all He knoweth.

Little flock, to joy then yield thee!
Jacob's God will ever shield thee;
Rest secure with this Defender-
At His will all foes surrender.

Tho' He giveth or He taketh,
God His children ne'er forsaketh;
His the loving purpose solely
To preserve them pure and holy.

614 A DEBTOR TO MERCY ALONE

A debtor to mercy alone,
Of covenant mercy I sing;
Nor fear, with Thy righteousness on,
My person and off'ring to bring.
The terrors of law and of God
With me can have nothing to do;
My Saviour's obedience and blood
Hide all my transgressions from view.

The work which His goodness began
The arm of His strength will complete;
His promise is yea and amen,
And never was forfeited yet.
Things future, nor things that are now,
Not all things below or above,
Can make Him His purpose forgo,
Or sever my soul from His love.

My name from the palms of His hands
Eternity will not erase;
Impressed on His heart it remains,
In marks of indelible grace;
Yes, I to the end shall endure,
As sure as the earnest is giv'n;
More happy, but not more secure,
The glorified spirits in heav'n.

615 A SOVEREIGN PROTECTOR I HAVE

A Sov'reign Protector I have,
Unseen, yet forever at hand,
Unchangeably faithful to save,
Almighty to rule and command.
He smiles, and my comforts abound;
His grace as the dew shall descend;
And walls of salvation surround
The soul He delights to defend.

Inspirer and Hearer of prayer,
Thou Shepherd and Guardian of Thine,
My all to Thy covenant care
I sleeping and waking resign.
If Thou art my Shield and my Sun,
The night is no darkness to me;
And fast as my moments roll on,
They bring me but nearer to Thee.

Kind Author, and ground of my hope,
Thee, Thee, for my God I avow;
My glad Ebenezer set up,
And own Thou hast helped me till now.
I muse on the years that are past,
Wherein my defense Thou hast proved;
Nor wilt Thou relinquish at last
A sinner so signally loved!

616 IF THOU BUT SUFFER GOD TO GUIDE THEE

If thou but suffer God to guide thee,
And hope in Him thro' all thy ways,
He'll give thee strength whate'er betide thee,
And bear thee thro' the evil days;
Who trusts in God's unchanging love
Builds on the Rock that naught can move.

Only be still and wait His leisure,
In cheerful hope, with heart content,
To take whate'er thy Father's pleasure
And all-discerning love hath sent;
Nor doubt our inmost wants are known
To Him Who chose us for His own.

Sing, pray and keep His ways unswerving,
In ev'ry labor faithful be,
And trust His Word, tho' undeserving,
Thou yet shalt find it true for thee;
God never yet forsook in need
The soul that trusts in Him indeed!

617 I WILL NEVER, NEVER LEAVE THEE

I will never, never leave thee,
I will never thee forsake!
I will guard, and save, and keep thee,
For My Name and mercy's sake!
Fear no evil, fear no evil,
Only all My counsel take,
For I'll never, never leave thee,
I will never thee forsake!

When the storm is raging round thee,
Call on Me in humble prayer,
I will fold My arms about thee,
Guard thee with the tend'rest care;
In the trial, in the trial
I will make thy pathway clear.
For I'll never, never leave thee,
I will never thee forsake!

When the sky above is glowing,
And around thee all is bright,
Pleasure like a river flowing,
All things tending to delight,
I'll be with thee, I'll be with thee,
I will guide thy steps aright.
For I'll never, never leave thee,
I will never thee forsake!

When thy soul is dark and clouded,
Filled with doubt, and grief, and care,
Thro' the mist by which 'tis shrouded,
I will make a light appear.
And the banner, and the banner
Of My love I will uprear.
For I'll never never leave thee,
I will never thee forsake!

618 ACCEPTED IN THE BELOVED

"In the Beloved" accepted am I,
Risen, ascended, and seated on high;
Saved from all sin thro' His infinite grace,
With the redeemed ones accorded a place.

Refrain:
"In the Beloved," God's marvelous grace
Calls me to dwell in this wonderful place;
God sees my Saviour and then He sees me
"In the Beloved," accepted and free.

"In the Beloved"- how safe my retreat,
In the Beloved accounted complete;
"Who can condemn me?" In Him I am free,
Saviour and Keeper forever is He.

"In the Beloved" I went to the tree,
There, in His Person, by faith I may see
Infinite wrath rolling over His head,
Infinite grace, for He died in my stead.

619 A SHELTER IN THE TIME OF STORM

The Lord's our Rock, in Him we hide,
A shelter in the time of storm;
Secure whatever ill betide,
A shelter in the time of storm.

Refrain:
Oh, Jesus is a Rock in a weary land,
A weary land, a weary land;
Oh, Jesus is a Rock in a weary land,
A shelter in the time of storm.

A shade by day, defense by night,
A shelter in the time of storm;
No fears alarm, no foes affright,
A shelter in the time of storm.

The raging storms may round us beat,
A shelter in the time of storm;
We'll never leave our safe retreat,
A shelter in the time of storm.

620 HE WILL HIDE ME

When the storms of life are raging,
Tempests wild on sea and land,
I will seek a place of refuge
In the shadow of God's hand.

Refrain:
He will hide me, He will hide me!
Where no harm can e'er betide me;
He will hide me, safely hide me
In the shadow of His hand!

Though He may send some affliction,
'Twill but make me long for home;
For in love, and not in anger,
All His chastenings will come.

Enemies may strive to injure,
Satan all his arts employ;
God will turn what seems to harm me
Into everlasting joy.

So, while here the cross I'm bearing,
Meeting storms and billows wild.
Jesus for my soul is caring,
Naught can harm His Father's child.

621 I HEARD THE VOICE OF JESUS SAY

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"Come unto Me and rest;
Lay down, thou weary one,
lay down Thy head upon My breast!"
I came to Jesus as I was,
Weary and worn and sad;
I found in Him a resting place,
And He has made me glad.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"Behold, I freely give
The living water- thirsty one,
Stoop down, and drink, and live!"
I came to Jesus, and I drank
Of that life-giving stream:
My thirst was quenched, my soul revived,
And now I live in Him.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"I am this dark world's Light;
Look unto Me, thy morn shall rise,
And all thy day be bright!"
I looked to Jesus, and I found
In Him my Star, my Sun;
And in that Light of life I'll walk
Till trav'ling days are done.

622 POWER IN JESUS' BLOOD

A My happy soul rejoices,
The sky is bright above;
I'll join the heav'nly voices,
And sing redeeming love.

Refrain:
For there's pow'r in Jesus' blood,
Pow'r in Jesus' blood;
There's pow'r in Jesus' blood
To wash me white as snow.

I heard the blessed story
Of Him who died to save;
The love of Christ swept o'er me,
My all to Him I gave.

His gracious words of pardon
Were music to my heart;
He took away my burden,
And bade my fears depart.

I plunged beneath this fountain,
That cleanseth white as snow;
It pours from Calv'ry's mountain,
With blessings in its flow.

O crown Him King forever!
My Saviour and my Friend;
By Zion's crystal river
His praise shall never end.

623 FOOTPRINTS OF JESUS

Sweetly, Lord, have we heard Thee calling,
Come, follow Me!
And we see where Thy footprints falling
Lead us to Thee.

Refrain:
Footprints of Jesus, that make the pathway glow;
We will follow the steps of Jesus where'er they go.

Tho' they lead o'er the cold, dark mountains,
Seeking His sheep;
Or along by Siloam's fountains,
Helping the weak:

If they lead thro' the temple holy,
Preaching the Word;
Or in homes of the poor and lowly,
Serving the Lord:

Then at last, when on high He sees us,
Our journey done,
We will rest where the steps of Jesus
End at His throne.

624 MY HOPE IS IN THEE

My hope, blessed Jesus, is anchored in Thee,
Thy righteousness only now covereth me,
Thy blood, shed on Calvary, now is my plea;
My hope, my hope is in Thee.

Refrain:
Wonderful Saviour, all glory to Thee!
In Thee is salvation so full and so free;
I'll shout forth Thy praises thro' all eternity;
My Saviour, My My Saviour,
My hope is in Thee,
My hope is in Thee.

I stand on the Rock that no tempest can shake,
And life from Thy hands ev'ry moment I take,
Thy love will endure when all others forsake;
My hope, my hope is in Thee.

My hope for eternity rests in Thy hand,
My heart deeply longs for that fair better land,
Where one day complete in Thyself I shall stand;
My hope, my hope is in Thee.

625 WHO CAN DIVIDE US?

Let Christian faith and hope dispel
The fears of guilt and woe;
The Lord Almighty is our Friend,
And who can prove a foe?

He who his Son, most dear and loved,
Gave up for us to die,
Shall he not all things freely give
That goodness can supply?

Behold the best, the greatest gift,
Of everlasting love!
Behold the pledge of peace below,
And perfect bliss above!

Where is the judge that can condemn,
Since God hath justified?
Who shall charge those with guilt or crime
For whom the Saviour died?

The Saviour died, but rose again
Triumphant from the grave;
And pleads our cause at God's right hand,
Omnipotent to save.

Who then can e'er divide us more
From Jesus and his love,
Or break the sacred chain that binds
The earth to heav'n above?

626 HIS RICH ABUNDANT GRACE

Before the voice of Heaven spoke, before the earth was framed,
Within the mighty heart of God were we, His loved ones, named.
That in the pleasure of His will as He alone had planned,
We might thro' Him be full redeemed and in His presence stand.
So God within His kingdom has reserved for us a place,
That we might praise the glory of His rich, abundant grace.

Forgiven by the Saviour's grace, and ransomed by His love,
With wonder we behold the will of Him who reigns above
That someday, in a mighty choir may all creation sing
And worship with a swelling sound their great, eternal King.
So heavens' beings shall arise and men from ev'ry place
To praise the matchless glory of His rich, abundant grace.

O Spirit of immortal truth, interpreter divine,
Salvation's holy evidence, redemption's sacred sign.
Renew our cold and sinful hearts, our inner zeal inspire;
Thou token of eternal hope, descend in holy fire!
So guide us in the truth of God until we see His face
And praise Him for the glory of His rich, abundant grace.

627 REJOICE, BELIEVER, IN THE LORD

Rejoice, believer, in the Lord,
Who makes your cause His own!
The hope that's built upon His Word
Can ne'er be overthrown.

Tho' many foes beset your road,
And feeble is your arm,
Your life is hid with Christ in God,
Beyond the reach of harm.

Weak as you are, you shall not faint,
Or fainting, shall not die;
For Jesus strengthens ev'ry saint
With power from on high.

Tho' unperceived by mortal sense,
Faith sees Him always near,
A guide, a glory, a defense;
Then what have you to fear?

As surely as He overcame
And triumphed once for you,
So surely you that love His Name
Shall triumph in Him too.

628 ART THOU AFRAID?

Why pour'st thou forth thine anxious plaint,
Despairing of relief,
As if the Lord o'erlooked thy cause,
And did not heed thy grief?
Hast thou not known, hast thou not heard,
That firm remains on high
The everlasting throne of Him
Who formed the earth and sky?

Art thou afraid his pow'r shall fail
When comes thy evil day?
And can an all-creating arm
Grow weary or decay?
Supreme in wisdom as in pow'r
The Rock of ages stands;
Though him thou canst not see,
nor trace The working of his hands.

He gives the conquest to the weak,
Supports the fainting heart;
And courage in the evil hour
His heav'nly aids impart.
Mere human pow'r shall fast decay,
And youthful vigor cease;
But they who wait upon the Lord,
In strength shall still increase.

They with unwearied feet shall tread
The path of life divine;
With growing ardor onward move,
With growing brightness shine.
On eagles' wings they mount, they soar,
Their wings are faith and love,
Till, past the cloudy regions here,
They rise to heav'n above.

629 OUTSIDE THE CAMP

Outside the camp unto Thy dear Name,
Draw me, O Lamb of God;
Far from the world with its sin and its shame,
Cleansed by the Saviour's blood.
Outside the camp, 'tis a lonely place;
Outside the city wall;
Here on Thy breast let my soul ever rest;
Outside the camp with Thee.

Outside the camp unto Thy dear Name;
This in Thy Word I see.
Unto that Name, then I share in His shame;
Privileged place to be.
Feasting on Christ, His reproach to share;
Tempt not my soul away,
Naught can compare with the blessedness there,
Outside the camp with Thee.

Outside the camp unto Thy dear Name,
Blest gath'ring place for me.
Banner of love from Thy presence above;
Draw forth my soul to Thee.
Shame on my soul that I ever sought
Inside the walls to dwell,
Riches of grace, gazing here on Thy face,
Outside the camp with Thee.

Outside the camp unto Thy dear Name,
Lord, may I here be found;
Weaned from the world, with its pomp and its fame;
Resting on holy ground.
Outside the camp in Thy presence till
Earth's little day be done;
Then face to face, all Thy mercies to trace,
Inside the veil with Thee.

630 JESUS, SAVIOUR, PILOT ME

Jesus, Saviour, pilot me
Over life's tempestuous sea;
Unknown waves before me roll,
Hiding rock and treach'rous shoal;
Chart and compass came from Thee:
Jesus, Saviour, pilot me.

As a mother stills her child,
Thou canst hush the ocean wild;
Boist'rous waves obey Thy will
When Thou say'st to them "Be still!"
Wondrous Sov'reign of the sea,
Jesus, Saviour, pilot me.

When at last I near the shore,
And the fearful breakers roar
'Twixt me and the peaceful rest,
Then, while leaning on Thy breast,
May I hear Thee say to me,
"Fear not, I will pilot thee."

631 HOW GLORIOUS ZION'S COURTS APPEAR

How glorious Sion's courts appear,
The city of our God!
His throne he hath established here,
Here fixed his loved abode.

Its walls, defended by his grace,
No pow'r shall e'er o'erthrow,
Salvation is its bulwark sure
Against th'assailing foe.

Lift up the everlasting gates,
The doors wide open fling;
Enter, ye nations, who obey
The statutes of our King.

Here shall ye taste unmingled joys,
And dwell in perfect peace,
Ye, who have known Jehovah's name,
And trusted in his grace.

Trust in the Lord, forever trust,
And banish all your fears;
Strength in the Lord Jehovah dwells
Eternal as his years.

632 GOD IS THE TREASURE OF MY SOUL

What tho' no flow'rs the fig-tree clothe,
Tho' vines their fruit deny,
The labor of the olive fail,
And fields no meat supply?

Tho' from the fold, with sad surprise,
My flock cut off I see;
Tho' famine pine in empty stalls,
Where herds were wont to be?

Yet in the Lord will I be glad,
And glory in his love:
In him I'll joy, who will the God
Of my salvation prove.

He to my tardy feet shall lend
The swiftness of the roe;
Till, raised on high, I safely dwell
Beyond the reach of woe.

God is the treasure of my soul,
The source of lasting joy;
A joy which want shall not impair,
Nor death itself destroy.

633 SHALL WE GATHER AT THE RIVER?

Shall we gather at the river,
Where bright angel feet have trod,
With its crystal tide forever
Flowing from the throne of God?

Refrain:
Yes, we'll gather at the river,
The beautiful, the beautiful river,
Gather with the saints at the river
That flows from the throne of God.

On the margin of the river,
Washing up its silver spray,
We will walk and worship ever,
All the happy, golden day.

Ere we reach the shining river,
Lay we ev'ry burden down;
Grace our spirits will deliver,
And provide a robe and crown.

At the shining of the river,
Mirror of the Saviour's face,
Saints whom death will never sever
Raise their songs of saving grace.

Soon we'll reach the shining river,
Soon our pilgrimage will cease;
Soon our happy hearts will quiver
With the melody of peace.

634 FOR EVER WITH THE LORD!

"Forever with the Lord!"
Amen, so let it be!
Life from the dead is in that word,
'Tis immortality.
Here in the body pent,
Absent from Him I roam,
Yet nightly pitch my moving tent
A day's march nearer home.

My Father's house on high,
Home of my soul, how near
At times to faith's foreseeing eye
Thy golden gates appear!
Ah! then my spirit faints
To reach the land I love,
The bright inheritance of saints,
Jerusalem above.

"Forever with the Lord"
Father, if 'tis Thy will,
The promise of that faithful word
E'en here to me fulfill.
Be Thou at my right hand,
Then can I never fail;
Uphold Thou me, and I shall stand;
Fight, and I must prevail.

So when my latest breath
Shall rend the veil in twain,
By death I shall escape from death,
And life eternal gain.
That resurrection word,
That shout of victory:
Once more, "Forever with the Lord!"
Amen, so let it be!

635 O THAT WILL BE GLORY

When all my labors and trials are o'er,
And I am safe on that beautiful shore,
Just to be near the dear Lord I adore,
Will thro' the ages be glory for me.

Refrain:
O that will be glory for me,
Glory for me, glory for me;
When by His grace I shall look on His face,
That will be glory, be glory for me.

When, by the gift of His infinite grace,
I am accorded in heaven a place,
Just to be there and to look on His face,
Will thro' the ages be glory for me.

Friends will be there I have loved long ago;
Joy like a river around me will flow;
Yet just a smile from my Saviour, I know,
Will thro' the ages be glory for me.

636 MY SAVIOUR FIRST OF ALL

When my life-work is ended, and I cross the swelling tide,
When the bright and glorious morning I shall see;
I shall know my Redeemer when I reach the other side,
And His smile will be the first to welcome me.

Refrain:
I shall know Him, I shall know Him,
And redeemed by His side I shall stand,
I shall know Him, I shall know Him
By the print of the nails in His hand.

Oh, the soul-thrilling rapture when I view His blessed face,
And the luster of His kindly beaming eye;
How my full heart will praise Him for the mercy, love, and grace,
That prepare for me a mansion in the sky.

Oh, the dear ones in glory, how they beckon me to come,
And our parting at the river I recall;
To the sweet vales of Eden they will sing my welcome home;
But I long to meet my Saviour first of all.

Thro' the gates to the city in a robe of spotless white,
He will lead me where no tears will ever fall;
In the glad song of ages I shall mingle with delight;
But I long to meet my Saviour first of all.

637 IN THE SWEET BY AND BY

There's a land that is fairer than day,
And by faith we can see it afar;
For the Father waits over the way,
To prepare us a dwelling-place there.

Refrain:
In the sweet by and by
We shall meet on that beautiful shore;
In the sweet by and by
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.

We shall sing on that beautiful shore
The melodious songs of the blessed;
And our spirits shall sorrow no more,
Not a sigh for the blessing of rest.

To our bountiful Father above,
We will offer our tribute of praise,
For the glorious gift of His love,
And the blessings that hallow our days.

638 ONLY ONE LIFE TO GIVE

I have only one life on this earth
And as vapor it's passing away.
I must labor for treasures of worth,
Ere toil ends at the close of the day.

Refrain:
Only one life to give,
I could never withhold it from God.
Only one life to live,
I must not miss the "Well done!" of God.

Only one life, and white are the fields,
With compassion this great need I view;
This one life that I have I will yield;
And the little I can, let me do.

One poor life, small the off'ring at best,
Yet the world and the flesh often call;
This my answer must be to each test:
I'll not serve God with less than my all.

639 WHAT MUST IT BE TO BE THERE!

We speak of the land of the blest,
That country so bright and so fair;
And oft are its glories confessed-
But what must it be to be there!

Refrain:
To be there! to be there!
O what must it be to be there!
To be there! to be there!
O what must it be to be there!

We speak of its pathways of gold,
Its walls decked with jewels so rare,
Its wonders and pleasures untold-
But what must it be to be there!

We speak of its peace and its love,
The robes which the glorified wear,
The church of the first-born above-
But what must it be to be there!

We speak of its freedom from sin,
From sorrow, temptation and care,
From trials without and within-
But what must it be to be there!

Do Thou, Lord, midst pleasure and woe,
For heaven our spirits prepare;
Then shortly we also shall know,
And feel what it is to be there!

640 ABIDE WITH ME

Abide with me: fast falls the eventide;
The darkness deepens; Lord, with me abide!
When other helpers fail, and comforts flee,
Help of the helpless, O abide with me.

Swift to its close ebbs out life's little day;
Earth's joys grow dim, its glories pass away;
Change and decay in all around I see:
O Thou who changest not, abide with me.

I need Thy presence ev'ry passing hour;
What but Thy grace can foil the tempter's pow'r?
Who, like Thyself, my guide and stay can be?
Through cloud and sunshine, Lord, abide with me.

I fear no foe, with Thee at hand to bless;
Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness:
Where is death's sting? where, grave, thy victory?
I triumph still, if Thou abide with me.

Hold Thou Thy cross before my closing eyes;
Shine through the gloom, and point me to the skies;
Heav'n's morning breaks, and earth's vain shadows flee;
In life, in death, O Lord, abide with me.

641 IMMANUEL'S LAND

The sands of time are sinking,
The dawn of heaven breaks;
The summer morn I've sighed for,
The fair, sweet morn awakes.
Dark, dark hath been the midnight,
But day-spring is at hand,
And glory, glory dwelleth In Immanuel's land.

O Christ, He is the fountain,
The deep, sweet well of love!
The streams on earth I've tasted
More deep I'll drink above;
There, to an ocean fullness
His mercy doth expand,
And glory, glory dwelleth In Immanuel's land.

With mercy and with judgment
My web of time He wove,
And aye the dews of sorrow
Were lustered with His love.
I'll bless the hand that guided,
I'll bless the heart that planned,
When throned where glory dwelleth In Immanuel's land.

O I am my Beloved's,
And my Beloved's mine!
He brings a poor, vile sinner
Into His house of wine;
I stand upon His merit,
I know no other stand,
Not e'en where glory dwelleth In Immanuel's land.

The bride eyes not her garment,
But her dear bridegroom's face;
I will not gaze at glory,
But on my King of grace:
Not at the crown He giveth,
But on His pierced hand:
The Lamb is all the glory Of Immanuel's land.

642 JERUSALEM THE GOLDEN

Jerusalem the golden, With milk and honey blest!
Beneath thy contemplation Sink heart and voice oppressed;
I know not, oh, I know not What joys await me there;
What radiancy of glory, What bliss beyond compare.

They stand, those halls of Zion, All jubilant with song,
And bright with many an angel, And all the martyr throng;
The Prince is ever in them, The daylight is serene;
The pastures of the blessed Are decked in glorious sheen.

There is the throne of David; And there, from care released,
The song of them that triumph, The shout of them that feast;
And they, who with their Leader Have conquered in the fight,
Forever and forever Are clad in robes of white.

O sweet and blessed coun try, The home of God's elect!
O sweet and blessed country That eager hearts expect!
Jesus, in mercy bring us To that dear land of rest;
Who art, with God the Father, And Spirit, ever blest.

643 FOR ALL THE SAINTS

For all the saints, who from their labors rest,
Who Thee by faith before the world confessed,
Thy name, O Jesus, be forever blessed,

Refraine:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

Thou wast their Rock, their Fortress, and their Might;
Thou, Lord, their Captain in the well-fought fight;
Thou, in the darkness drear, their one true Light.

O may Thy soldiers, faithful, true, and bold,
Fight as the saints who nobly fought of old,
And win with them the victor's crown of gold.

O blest communion, fellowship divine!
We feebly struggle, they in glory shine;
Yet we are one who thro' Christ's blood are Thine.

And when the strife is fierce, the warfare long,
Steals on the ear the distant triumph song,
And hearts are brave again, and arms are strong.

From earth's wide bounds, from ocean's farthest coast,
Thro' gates of pearl streams in the countless host,
Singing to Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,

644 WE WANT YOU OVER THERE

We're going home to glory soon,
To see the city bright;
To walk the golden streets of heav'n
And bask in God's own light;
But some of you are out of Christ
And held by many a snare;
We cannot leave you lost and lone,
We want you over there.

The pearly gates are open wide,
And we shall enter in,
To know thenceforth no tear or sigh,
No sorrow, and no sin;
O come with us, and come at once,
That land is bright and fair;
We cannot leave you lost and lone,
We want you over there.

We come to tell the story true
Of love so rich and free!
A crucified and risen Lord
Has grace for you and me;
O listen to the words of love
His messengers declare;
We cannot leave you lost and lone,
We want you over there.

We once were burdened sore with sin,
And dark were we and sad;
But Christ has washed us in His blood,
And He has made us glad;
Fly to His wounds, ye guilty ones,
His love and mercy share;
We cannot leave you lost and lone,
We want you over there.

645 SAVED BY GRACE

Someday the silver cord will break,
And I no more as now shall sing;
But oh, the joy when I shall wake
Within the palace of the King!

Refrain:
And I shall see Him face to face,
And tell the story- Saved by grace;
And I shall see Him face to face,
And tell the story- Saved by grace.

Someday my earthly house will fall,
I cannot tell how soon 'twill be;
But this I know- my All in in All
Has now a place in heav'n for me.

Someday, when fades the golden sun
Beneath the rosy-tinted West,
My blessed Lord will say, "Well done!"
And I shall enter into rest.

Someday: till then I'll watch and wait,
My lamp all trimmed and burning bright,
That when my Saviour ope's the gate,
My soul to Him may take its flight.

646 THE EDEN ABOVE

We're bound for the land of the pure and the holy,
The home of the happy, the kingdom of love;
Ye wand'rers from God in the broad road of folly,
O say, will you go to the Eden above?

Refrain:
O say, will you trust in Christ's blood for salvation,
Forever secure in the arms of His love.

In that blessed land neither sighing nor anguish
Can breathe in the fields where the glorified rove;
Ye heart burdened ones, who in misery languish,
O say, will you go to the Eden above?

March on, happy pilgrims, the land is before you,
And soon its ten thousand delights we shall prove;
Yes, soon we shall march o'er the hills of bright glory,
And drink the pure joys of the Eden above!

647 RICH THE PORTION, BRIGHT THE GLORY

Rich the portion, bright the glory,
That awaits the church ere long:
Tell the everlasting story;
Sing the everlasting song.

None but sinners vile and helpless
E'er can know the depth of grace.
In Thy suff'ring, Lord to raise us
To our high, our holy place.

Why, our God, it should have pleased Thee
To inscribe our names above?
Leaves our wond'ring hearts to bless Thee
For Thy sov'reignty of love.

Ere the wonders of creation
It had pleased Thee to unfold,
In Thy purpose of salvation
All Thy children were enrolled.

Love has forced us to adore Thee,
Compassed by Thy boundless grace;
Soon we'll sing our song before Thee,
See our Saviour face to face.

648 WHEN I GET HOME

I shall wear a golden crown, When I get home;
I shall lay my burdens down, When I get home;
Clad in robes of glory, I shall sing the story
Of the Lord who bought me, When I get home.

Refrain:
When I get home, when I get home,
All sorrow will be over when I get home;
When I get home, when I get home,
All sorrow will be over when I get home.

All the darkness will be past, When I get home;
I shall see the light at last, When I get home;
Light from heaven streaming, O'er my pathway beaming,
Ever guides me onward, Till I get home.

I shall see my Saviour's face, When I get home;
Sing again of saving grace, When I get home;
I shall stand before Him; Gladly I'll adore Him,
Ever to be with Him, When I get home.

649 ON JORDAN'S STORMY BANKS

On Jordan's stormy banks I stand,
And cast a wishful eye
To Canaan's fair and happy land,
Where my possessions lie.

Refrain:
I am bound for the promised land,
I am bound for the promised land;
O who will come and go with me?
I am bound for the promised land.

All o'er those wide-extended plains
Shines one eternal day;
There God the Son forever reigns
And scatters night away.

No chilling winds nor pois'nous breath
Can reach that healthful shore;
Sickness and sorrow, pain and death
Are felt and feared no more.

When shall I reach that happy place
And be forever blest?
When shall I see my Father's face,
And in His bosom rest?

650 HE THE PEARLY GATES WILL OPEN

Love divine, so great and wondrous,
Deep and mighty, pure, sublime;
Coming from the heart of Jesus-
Just the same thro' tests of time.

Refrain:
He the pearly gates will open,
So that I may enter in;
For He purchased my redemption
And forgave me all my sin.

Like a sparrow hunted, frightened,
Weak and helpless- such was I;
Wounded, fallen, yet He healed me-
He will heed the sinner's cry.

Love divine, so great and wondrous!
All my sins He then forgave;
I will sing His praise forever,
For His blood, His pow'r to save.

In life's eventide, at twilight,
At His door I'll knock and wait;
By the precious love of Jesus
I shall enter heaven's gate.

651 FACE TO FACE

Face to face with Christ, my Saviour,
Face to face- what will it be,
When with rapture I behold Him,
Jesus Christ, who died for me?

Refrain:
Face to face I shall behold Him,
Far beyond the starry sky;
Face to face in all His glory,
I shall see Him by and by!

Only faintly now I see Him,
With the darkling veil between;
But a blessed day is coming,
When His glory shall be seen.

What rejoicing in His presence,
When are banished grief and pain;
When the crooked ways are straightened,
And the dark things shall be plain.

Face to face! O blissful moment!
Face to face- to see and know;
Face to face with my Redeemer,
Jesus Christ, who loves me so.

652 THERE IS A LAND OF PURE DELIGHT

There is a land of pure delight,
Where saints immortal reign;
Eternal day excludes the night,
And pleasures banish pain.

Refrain:
We are feeding on the living Bread,
We are drinking at the Fountain-head;
And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,
Shall never, never thirst again.
What! never thirst again?
No, never thirst again!
What never thirst again?
No, never thirst again!
And whoso drinketh, Jesus said,
Shall never, never thirst again!

There everlasting spring abides,
And never withering flow'rs;
Death, like a narrow sea, divides
This heav'nly land from ours.

O could we make our doubts remove,
Those gloomy thoughts that rise,
And see the Canaan that we love
With un-beclouded eyes!

Could we but climb where Moses stood,
And view the landscape o'er,
Not Jordan's stream, nor death's cold flood,
Should fright us from the shore.

653 BEHOLD THE GLORIES OF THE LAMB

Behold the glories of the Lamb
Amidst his Father's throne;
Prepare new honors for his name,
And songs before unknown.

Lo! elders worship at his feet;
The church adores around,
With vials full of odors rich,
And harps of sweetest sound.

These odors are the prayers of saints,
These sounds the hymns they raise;
God bends his ear to their requests,
He loves to hear their praise.

Who shall the Father's record search,
And hidden things reveal?
Behold the Son that record takes,
And opens ev'ry seal!

Hark how th'adoring hosts above
With songs surround the throne!
Ten thousand thousand are their tongues;
But all their hearts are one.

Worthy the Lamb that died, they cry,
To be exalted thus;
Worthy the Lamb, let us reply,
For he was slain for us.

654 WILL THERE BE ANY STARS?

I am thinking today of that beautiful land
I shall reach when the sun goeth down;
When thro' wonderful grace by my Saviour I stand,
Will there there be any stars in my crown?

Refrain:
Will there be any stars, any stars in my crown
When at evening the sun goeth down?
When I wake with the blest in the mansions of rest,
Will there be any stars in my crown?

In the strength of the Lord let me labor and pray,
Let me watch as a winner of souls;
That bright stars may be mine in the glorious day,
When His His praise like the seabillow rolls.

Oh, what joy it will be when His face I behold,
Living gems at His feet to lay down;
It would sweeten my bliss in the city of gold,
Should there there be any stars in my crown.

655 BEHOLD! THE MOUNTAIN OF THE LORD

Behold! the mountain of the Lord
In latter days shall rise
On mountain tops above the hills,
And draw the wond'ring eyes.

To this the joyful nations round,
All tribes and tongues shall flow;
Up to the hill of God, they'll say,
And to His house we'll go.

The beam that shines from Zion hill
Shall lighten ev'ry land;
The King who reigns in Salem's tow'rs
Shall all the world command.

Among the nations He shall judge;
His judgments truth shall guide;
His sceptre shall protect the just,
And quell the sinner's pride.

No strife shall rage, nor hostile feuds
Disturb those peaceful years;
To plough-shares men shall beat their swords,
To pruning hooks their spears.

No longer hosts encount'ring hosts
Shall crowds of slain deplore:
They hang the trumpet in the hall,
And study war no more.

Come then, O house of Jacob! Come
To worship at His shrine;
And, walking in the light of God,
With holy beauties shine.

656 AS THE DAY BREAKS

As the shadows of the night round are falling,
I am thinking of that day by and by;
When the trumpet of the Lord shall be calling,
As the day breaks o'er the hills.

Refrain:
I'll go singing, I'll go shouting on my journey home,
Till the day breaks, till the day breaks;
There'll be singing, there'll be shouting, when we all get home,
When the day breaks o'er the hills.

When we gather home at last there'll be singing,
Such as angels round the throne never heard;
For the song of souls redeemed shall go ringing,
As the day breaks o'er the hills.

I shall rise to be with Jesus forever,
I shall meet the ones who passed on before;
We shall meet to part no more, never, never,
When the day breaks o'er the hills.

657 HE WAS SLAIN FOR US

Hark how th'adoring hosts above
With songs surround the throne,
With songs surround the throne!
Ten thousand thousand are their tongues;
But all their hearts are one,
But all their hearts are one,
But all their hearts are one.

Worthy the Lamb that died, they cry,
To be exalted thus,
To be exalted thus;
Worthy the Lamb, our hearts reply,
For He was slain for us,
For He was slain for us,
For He was slain for us.

Thou hast redeemed us with Thy blood,
And set the pris'ners free,
And set the pris'ners free;
Thou mad'st us kings and priests to God,
And we shall reign with Thee,
And we shall reign with Thee,
And we shall reign with Thee.

To Him who sits upon the throne,
The God whom we adore,
The God whom we adore,
And to the Lamb that once was slain,
Be glory evermore,
Be glory evermore,
Be glory evermore.

658 WASHED IN THE BLOOD OF THE LAMB

Who, who are these beside the chilly wave,
Just on the borders of the silent grave,
Shouting Jesus' pow'r to save,
Washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Refrain:
Sweeping thro' the gates of the new Jerusalem,
Washed in the blood of the Lamb.
Sweeping thro' the gates of the new Jerusalem,
Washed in the blood of the Lamb.

These, these are they who in their youthful days
Found Jesus early, and in wisdom's ways
Proved the fulness of His grace,
Washed in the blood of the Lamb.

These, these are they who in affliction's woes
Ever have found in Jesus calm repose,
Such as from a pure heart flows,
Washed in the blood of the Lamb.

659 WHAT VARIOUS HINDRANCES WE MEET

What various hindrances we meet
In coming to the mercy seat;
Yet who, that knows the worth of prayer,
But wishes to be often there!

Prayer makes the darkened cloud withdraw,
Prayer climbs the ladder Jacob saw,
Gives exercise to faith and love,
Brings ev'ry blessing from above.

Restraining prayer we cease to fight;
Prayer makes the Christian's armor bright;
And Satan trembles when he sees
The weakest saint upon his knees.

When Moses stood with arms spread wide,
Vict'ry was found on Israel's side;
But when through weariness they failed,
That moment Amalek prevailed.

Have you no words? ah, think again!
Words flow apace when you complain,
And fill your fellow creature's ear
With the sad tale of all your care.

Were half the breath thus vainly spent
To heav'n in supplication sent,
Your cheerful song would oft'ner be-
"Hear what the Lord has done for me."

660 WHAT A FRIEND WE HAVE IN JESUS

What a Friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
Ev'rything to God in prayer!
O what peace we often forfeit,
O what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry
Ev'rything to God in prayer!

Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged:
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a friend so faithful,
Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our ev'ry weakness:
Take it to the Lord in prayer.

Are we weak and heavyladen,
Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Saviour, still our refuge-
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Do thy friends despise, forsake thee?
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
In His arms He'll take and shield thee,
Thou wilt find a solace there.

661 ALL YOUR ANXIETY

Is there a heart o'erbound by sorrow?
Is there a life weighed down by care?
Come to the cross, each burden bearing-
All your anxiety, leave it there.

Refrain:
All your anxiety, all your care,
Bring to the mercy seat, leave it there;
Never a burden He cannot bear,
Never a friend like Jesus!

No other friend so keen to help you,
No other friend so quick to hear;
No other place to leave your burden,
No other one to hear your prayer.

Come then at once, delay no longer!
Heed His entreaty kind and sweet;
You need not fear a disappointment,
You shall find peace at the mercy seat.

662 SWEET HOUR OF PRAYER

Sweet hour of prayer, sweet hour of prayer,
That calls me from a world of care,
And bids me at my Father's throne
Make all my wants and wishes known;
In seasons of distress and grief
My soul has often found relief,
And oft escaped the tempter's snare,
By thy return, sweet hour of prayer.

Sweet hour of prayer, sweet hour of prayer,
The joy I feel, the bliss I share
With those whose anxious spirits burn
With strong desires for thy return!
With such I hasten to the place
Where God, my Saviour, shows His face,
And gladly take my station there,
And wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer.

Sweet hour of prayer, sweet hour of prayer,
Thy wings shall my petition bear
To Him whose truth and faithfulness
Engage the waiting soul to bless;
And since He bids me seek His face,
Believe His Word, and trust His grace,
I'll cast on Him my ev'ry care,
And wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer.

Sweet hour of prayer, sweet hour of prayer,
May I thy consolation share,
Till, from Mount Pisgah's lofty height,
I view my home and take my flight.
This robe of flesh I'll drop, and rise
To seize the everlasting prize;
And shout, while passing thro' the air,
Farewell, farewell, sweet hour of prayer.

663 LORD, I HAVE SHUT THE DOOR

Lord, I have shut the door, Speak now the word
Which in the din and throng Could not be heard;
Hushed now my inner heart, Whisper Thy will,
While I have come apart, While all is still.

Lord, I have shut the door, Here do I bow;
Speak, for my soul attent Turns to Thee now.
Rebuke Thou what is vain, Counsel my soul,
Thy holy will reveal, My will control.

In this blest quietness Clamorings cease;
Here in Thy presence dwells Infinite peace;
Yonder, the strife and cry, Yonder, the sin:
Lord, I have shut the door, Thou art within!

Lord, I have shut the door, Strengthen my heart;
Yonder awaits the task- I share a part.
Only thro' grace bestowed May I be true;
Here, while alone with Thee, My strength renew.

664 FOR YOU I AM PRAYING

I have a Saviour, He's pleading in glory,
A dear, loving Saviour, tho' earth-friends be few;
And now He is watching in tenderness o'er me:
And O that my Saviour were your Saviour too!

Refrain:
For you I am praying, for you I am praying,
For you I am praying, I'm praying for you.

I have a Father: to me He has given
A hope for eternity, blessed and true;
And soon He will call me to meet Him in heaven,
But O may He lead you to go with me too!

I have a robe: 'tis resplendent in whiteness,
Awaiting in glory my wondering view;
O when I receive it all shining in brightness,
Dear friend, could I see you receiving one too!

I have a peace: it is calm as a river,
A peace that the friends of this world never knew;
My Saviour alone is its Author and Giver,
And O could I know it was given to you!

When Jesus has found you, tell others the story,
That my loving Saviour is your Saviour too;
Then pray that your Saviour may bring them to glory,
And prayer will be answered, 'twas answered for you!

665 HERE FROM THE WORLD WE TURN

Here from the world we turn, Jesus to seek;
Here may His loving voice Tenderly speak.
Jesus, our dearest Friend,
While at Thy feet we bend,
O let Thy smile descend!
'Tis Thee we seek.

Come, Holy Comforter, Presence divine,
Now in our longing hearts Graciously shine;
O for Thy mighty power!
O for a blessed shower,
Filling this hallowed hour
With joy divine!

Saviour, Thy work revive, Here may we see
Those who are dead in sin Quickened by Thee.
Come to our hearts' delight,
Make ev'ry burden light,
Cheer Thou our waiting sight;
We long for Thee.

666 JESUS, WHERE'ER THY PEOPLE MEET

Jesus, wheree'er Thy people meet,
There they behold Thy mercy seat;
Wheree'er they seek Thee Thou art found,
And ev'ry place is hallowed ground.

For Thou, within no walls confined,
Inhabitest the humble mind;
Such ever bring Thee where they come,
And going, take Thee to their home.

Dear Shepherd of Thy chosen few,
Thy former mercies here renew;
Here to our waiting hearts proclaim
The sweetness of Thy saving Name.

Here may we prove the pow'r of prayer,
To strengthen faith and sweeten care,
To teach our faint desires to rise,
And bring all heav'n before our eyes.

Lord, we are few, but Thou art near,
Nor short Thine arm, nor deaf Thine ear;
O rend the heav'ns, come quickly down,
And make a thousand hearts Thine own!

667 LORD JESUS CHRIST, WE SEEK THY FACE

Lord Jesus Christ, we seek Thy face;
Within the veil we bow the knee;
O let Thy glory fill the place,
And bless us while we wait on Thee. 

We thank Thee for the precious blood
That purged our sins and brought us nigh,
All cleansed and sanctified to God,
Thy holy Name to magnify. 

Shut in with Thee, far, far above
The restless world that wars below,
We seek to learn and prove Thy love,
Thy wisdom and Thy grace to know. 

The brow that once with thorns was bound,
Thy hands, Thy side, we fain would see;
Draw near, Lord Jesus, glory-crowned,
And bless us while we wait on Thee.

668 SPEAK, LORD, IN THE STILLNESS

Speak, Lord, in the stillness;
Speak, dear Lord, to me.
Hush my heart to listen,
Keep my thoughts on Thee.
How I need Thy presence;
How I need Thy care.
Speak, Lord, in the stillness,
As I kneel in prayer.

Calm the storms within me;
Drive away the fears.
Quiet ev'ry murmur;
Wash away my tears.
How I need Thy wisdom;
How I need Thy pow'r.
Teach me, Lord, to listen
In the quiet hour.

Help me trust Thy goodness;
Let me know Thy will.
Fill me with Thy Spirit;
Keep me calm and still.
May I trust Thee fully;
Make my faith increase.
Keep my heart forever
In Thy perfect peace.

669 PRAYER IS THE SOUL'S SINCERE DESIRE

Prayer is the soul's sincere desire,
Uttered or unexpressed;
The motion of a hidden fire
That trembles in the breast.

Prayer is the burden of a sigh,
The falling of a tear,
The upward glancing of an eye
When none but God is near.

Prayer is the simplest form of speech
That infant lips can try;
Prayer, the sublimest strains that reach
The majesty on high.

Prayer is the contrite sinner's voice,
Returning from his ways;
While angels in their songs rejoice,
And cry, "Behold, he prays!"

Prayer is the Christian's vital breath,
The Christian's native air,
His watchword at the gates of death;
He enters heav'n with prayer.

O Thou by whom we come to God,
The life, the truth, the way,
The path of prayer Thyself hast trod:
Lord, teach us how to pray!

670 BEHOLD THE THRONE OF GRACE!

Behold the throne of grace!
The promise calls us near!
To seek our God and Father's face,
Who loves to answer prayer.

That rich atoning blood,
Which sprinkled 'round we see,
Provides for those who come to God
An all-prevailing plea.

My soul, ask what thou wilt,
Thou canst not be too bold:
Since His own blood for thee was spilt,
What else can He withhold?

Beyond our utmost wants
His love and pow'r can bless:
To praying souls He always grants
More than they can express.

Since 'tis the Lord's command,
Our mouth we'll open wide:
Lord, open Thou Thy bount'ous hand,
That we may be supplied.

671 O GOD OF BETHEL!

O God of Bethel! by whose hand
Thy people still are fed;
Who thro' this weary pilgrimage
Hast all our fathers led:

Our vows, our prayers, we now present
Before thy throne of grace:
God of our fathers! be the God
Of their succeeding race.

Thro' each perplexing path of life
Our wand'ring footsteps guide;
Give us each day our daily bread,
And raiment fit provide.

O spread thy cov'ring wings around,
Till all our wand'rings cease,
And at our Father's loved abode
Our souls arrive in peace.

672 COME, MY SOUL, THY SUIT PREPARE

Come, my soul, thy suit prepare,
Jesus loves to answer prayer;
He Himself has bid thee pray,
Therefore will not say thee nay.

Thou art coming to a King,
Large petitions with thee bring;
For His grace and pow'r are such,
None can ever ask too much.

With my burden I begin:
Lord, remove this load of sin;
Let Thy blood, for sinners shed,
Set my conscience free from dread.

Lord, I come to Thee for rest;
Take possession of my breast,
There Thy bloodbought right maintain,
And without a rival reign.

While I am a pilgrim here,
Let Thy love my spirit cheer;
As my Guide, my Guard, my Friend,
Lead me to my journey's end.

673 JESUS! STAND AMONG US

Jesus! stand among us
In Thy risen pow'r,
Let this time of worship
Be a hallowed hour.

Breathe Thy Holy Spirit
Into ev'ry heart,
Bid the fears and sorrows
From each soul depart.

Thus with quickened footsteps,
We'll pursue our way,
Watching for the dawning
Of eternal day.

674 TEACH ME TO PRAY

Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray;
This is my heartcry, day unto day;
I long to know Thy will and Thy way;
Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray.

Refrain:
Living in Thee, Lord, and Thou in me;
Constant abiding, this is my plea;
Grant me Thy power, boundless and free:
Power with men and power with Thee.

Power in prayer, Lord, power in prayer,
Here 'mid earth's sin and sorrow and care;
Men lost and dying, souls in despair;
O give me power, power in prayer!

My weakened will, Lord, Thou canst renew;
My sinful nature Thou canst subdue;
Fill me just now with power anew,
Power to pray and power to do!

Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray;
Thou art my Pattern, day unto day;
Thou art my Surety, now and for aye;
Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray.

675 APPROACH, MY SOUL, THE MERCY SEAT

Approach, my soul, the mercy seat,
Where Jesus answers prayer;
There humbly fall before His feet,
For none can perish there.

Thy promise is my only plea;
With this I venture nigh;
Thou callest burdened souls to Thee,
And such, O Lord, am I!

Bowed down beneath a load of sin,
By Satan sorely pressed,
By war without and fears within,
I come to Thee for rest.

Be Thou my shield and hiding-place,
That, sheltered near Thy side,
I may my fierce accuser face,
And tell him Thou hast died.

O wondrous love! to bleed and die,
To bear the cross and shame,
That guilty sinners, such as I,
Might plead Thy gracious Name!

676 THE MERCY-SEAT

From ev'ry stormy wind that blows,
From ev'ry swelling tide of woes,
There is a calm, a sure retreat:
'Tis found beneath the mercy seat.
 
There is a place where Jesus sheds
The oil of gladness on our heads,
A place than all besides more sweet:
It is the bloodstained mercy seat.

There is a scene where spirits blend,
Where friend holds fellowship with friend;
Though sundered far, by faith they meet
Around one common mercy seat.

Ah, whither could we flee for aid,
When tempted, desolate, dismayed:
Or how the hosts of hell defeat,
Had suffering saints no mercy seat?

Ah, there on eagle wings we soar,
And sin and sense molest no more:
And heav'n comes down our souls to greet,
While glory crowns the mercy seat.

677 INTERCESSION

O blessed Spirit, Holy Breath,
Please intercede thro' me;
O cleanse and fill me, use me now,
I yield myself to Thee,
I yield myself to Thee.

O Spirit of the loving Christ,
Please weep Thy tears thro' me;
As Christ on earth hath wept for men
And felt their agony,
And felt their agony.

O blessed Spirit, Guide to truth,
With groanings pray thro' me:
That praying in the will of God,
Expectant I might be,
Expectant I might be.

O Spirit of the living God,
Please work Thy work thro' me:
That glory may be brought to Christ;
And I a channel be,
And I a channel be.

678 HO! YE THAT THIRST

Ho! ye that thirst, approach the spring
Where living waters flow:
Free to that sacred fountain all
Without a price may go.
How long to streams of false delights
Will ye in crowds repair?
How long your strength and substance waste
On trifles light as air?

My stores afford those rich supplies
That health and pleasure give:
Incline your ear, and come to me;
The soul that hears shall live.
With you a cov'nant I will make,
That ever shall endure;
The hope which gladdened David's heart
My mercy hath made sure.

Seek ye the Lord while yet his ear
Is open to your call;
While offered mercy still is near,
Before his footstool fall.
Let sinners quit their evil ways,
Their evil tho'ts forgo,
And God, when they to him return,
Returning grace will show.

With joy and peace shall then be led
The glad converted lands;
The lofty mountains then shall sing,
The forests clap their hands.
Where briers grew 'midst barren wilds,
Shall firs and myrtles spring;
And nature, through its utmost bounds,
Eternal praises sing.

679 REVIVE THE HEARTS!

God is here, and that to bless us
With the Spirit's quick'ning pow'r;
See! the cloud already bending
Waits to drop the grateful show'r.

Refrain:
Let it come, O Lord, we pray Thee,
Let the show'r of blessing fall;
We are waiting, we are waiting,
O revive the hearts of all.

God is here! we feel His presence
In this consecrated place;
But we need the soul refreshing
Of His free, unbounded grace.

God is here! O then, believing,
Bring to Him our one desire,
That His love may now be kindled,
Till its flame each heart inspire.

Saviour, grant the prayer we offer,
While in simple faith we bow!
From the windows of Thy mercy
Pour us out a blessing now.

680 SHOWERS OF BLESSING

Here in Thy Name we are gathered,
Come and revive us, O Lord;
"There shall be showers of blessing,"
Thou hast declared in Thy Word.

Refrain:
O graciously hear us,
Graciously hear us, we pray;
Pour from Thy windows upon us
Showers of blessing today.

O that the showers of blessing
Now on our souls may descend,
While at the footstool of mercy
Pleading Thy promise we bend!

"There shall be showers of blessing":
Promise that never can fail;
Thou wilt regard our petition;
Surely our faith will prevail.

Showers of blessing, we need them,
Showers of blessing from Thee;
Showers of blessing, O grant them!
Thine all the glory shall be.

681 THERE SHALL BE SHOWERS OF BLESSING

"There shall be showers of blessing:"
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Saviour above.

Refrain:
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need:
Mercy drops 'round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.

"There shall be showers of blessing"-
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.

"There shall be showers of blessing:"
Send them upon us, O Lord;
Grant to us now a refreshing;
Come, and now honor Thy Word.

"There shall be showers of blessing:"
Oh, that today they might fall,
Now as to God we're confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

682 PENTECOSTAL POWER

Lord, as of old at Pentecost
Thou didst Thy pow'r display,
With cleansing, purifying flame
Descend on us today.

Refrain:
Lord, send the old-time pow'r, the Pentecostal pow'r!
Thy floodgates of blessing on us throw open wide!
Lord, send the old-time pow'r, the Pentecostal pow'r,
That sinners be converted and Thy name glorified!

For mighty works for Thee, prepare
And strengthen ev'ry heart;
Come, take possession of Thine own,
And nevermore depart.

All self consume, all sin destroy!
With earnest zeal endue
Each waiting heart to work for Thee;
O Lord, our faith renew!

Speak, Lord, before Thy throne we wait,
Thy promise we believe,
And will not let Thee go until
The blessing we receive.

683 VISIT US, LORD, WITH REVIVAL

Visit us, Lord, with revival:
Stricken with coldness and death
Where is our hope of survival,
Save in Thy life-giving breath?

Refrain:
Lord, send us revival!
Let it begin now in me!
Gladly dethroning each rival,
Yield I my heart unto Thee.

Sinners in proud exultation,
Lust of the flesh and the eye,
Bent on the soul's desecration
God and His people defy.

Turning aside into byways,
Letting their ardor grow cold,
Many are leaving the highways
Trod by our fathers of old.

O for the breath of the Spirit!
O for the might of His sword,
Leading us on to inherit
All that in Jesus is stored.

Surely 'tis time for revival;
Surely soon dawneth the day;
Soon shall we hail its arrival,
Chasing the shadows away!

684 ELIJAH'S GOD

Elijah made a sacrifice
To offer to Jehovah;
It had been wet with water thrice,
Baal's sacrifice was over.
Elijah prayed: the fire came down
And licked the water all around;
So doubting ones believed, and found
Elijah's God was living.

Refrain:
Elijah's God still lives today,
To take the guilt of sin away;
And when I pray my heart's desire,
Upon my soul He sends the fire.

Elijah's God still lives today,
And answers still by fire;
My friend, just let Him have His way;
He'll grant your heart's desire,
Consume the sacrifice you make;
And bid your slumb'ring soul awake;
The chain of inbred sin will break;
Elijah's God is living.

Elijah's God still lives today,
And answers still in power,
As when Elijah prayed for rain,
God answered with a shower.
If you would have your soul refreshed,
With rain that falls from heaven,
You must pray thro' like all the rest,
And showers shall be given.

685 O BREATH OF LIFE

O Breath of Life, come sweeping thro' us,
Revive Thy church with life and pow'r,
O Breath of Life, come, cleanse, renew us,
And fit Thy church to meet this hour.

O Wind of God, come, bend us, break us,
Till humbly we confess our need;
Then in Thy tenderness remake us,
Revive, restore; for this we plead.

O Breath of Love, come, breathe within us,
Renewing thought and will and heart:
Come, Love of Christ, afresh to win us,
Revive Thy church in ev'ry part.

O Heart of Christ, once broken for us,
'Tis there we find our strength and rest;
Our broken, contrite hearts now solace,
And let Thy waiting church be blest.

Revive us, Lord! Is zeal abating
While harvest fields are vast and white?
Revive us, Lord, the world is waiting,
Equip Thy church to spread the light.

687 REVIVE THY WORK, O LORD

Revive Thy work, O Lord,
Thy mighty arm make bare;
Speak with the voice that wakes the dead,
And make Thy people hear!

Refrain:
Revive Thy work, O Lord,
While here to Thee we bow;
Descend, O gracious Lord, descend,
O come and bless us now!

Revive Thy work, O Lord!
Disturb this sleep of death;
Quicken the smold'ring embers now
By Thine almighty breath.

Revive Thy work, O Lord,
Create soulthirst for Thee;
And hung'ring for the Bread of Life,
O may our spirits be!

Revive Thy work, O Lord!
Exalt Thy precious Name;
And, by the Holy Ghost, our love
For Thee and Thine inflame.

688 REVIVE THY WORK, O LORD

Revive Thy work, O Lord,
Thy mighty arm make bare;
Speak with the voice that wakes the dead,
And make Thy people hear!

689 LORD, I HEAR OF SHOWERS OF BLESSING

Lord, I hear of show'rs of blessing
Thou hast scattered, full and free,
Show'rs the thirsty land refreshing;
Let Thy blessing fall on me.
Even me, even me, Let Thy blessing fall on me.
Even me, even me, Let Thy blessing fall on me.

Pass me not, O tender Saviour!
Let me love and cling to Thee;
I am longing for Thy favor;
When Thou comest, call for me.
Even me, even me, When Thou comest, call for me.
Even me, even me, When Thou comest, call for me.

Have I long in sin been sleeping,
Long been slighting, grieving Thee?
Has the world my heart been keeping?
O forgive and rescue me.
Even me, even me, O forgive and rescue me!
Even me, even me, O forgive and rescue me!

Love of God so pure and changeless,
Blood of Christ so rich and free,
Grace of God so strong and boundless,
Magnify them all in me.
Even me, even me, Magnify them all in me!
Even me, even me, Magnify them all in me!

690 NOTHING BUT CHRIST

Nothing but Christ, as on we tread,
The Gift unpriced- God's living Bread,
With staff in hand and feet well-shod,
Nothing but Christ- the Christ of God;

Ev'rything loss for Him below,
Taking the cross where'er we go;
Showing to all, where once He trod,
Nothing but Christ- the Christ of God;

Nothing save Him, in all our ways,
Giving the theme for ceaseless praise;
Our whole resource along the road,
Nothing but Christ- the Christ of God;

691 BRING THEM IN

Hark! 'tis the Shepherd's voice I hear,
Out in the desert dark and drear,
Calling the sheep who've gone astray
Far from the Shepherd's fold away.

Refrain:
Bring them in, bring them in,
Bring them in from the fields of sin;
Bring them in, bring them in,
Bring the wand'ring ones to Jesus.

Who'll go and help this Shepherd kind,
Help Him the wand'ring ones to find?
Who'll bring the lost ones to the fold,
Where they'll be sheltered from the cold?

Out in the desert hear their cry,
Out on the mountains wild and high;
Hark! 'tis the Master speaks to thee,
"Go find My sheep where'er they be."

692 JESUS SAVES

We have heard the joyful sound:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Spread the tidings all around:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Bear the news to ev'ry land,
Climb the steeps and cross the waves;
Onward!- 'tis our Lord's command;
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Waft it on the rolling tide;
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Tell to sinners far and wide:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Sing, ye islands of the sea;
Echo back, ye ocean caves;
Earth shall keep her jubilee:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Sing above the battle strife,
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
By His death and endless life,
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Sing it softly thro' the gloom,
When the heart for mercy craves;
Sing in triumph o'er the tomb-
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Give the winds a mighty voice,
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Let the nations now rejoice-
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Shout salvation full and free,
Highest hills and deepest caves;
This our song of victory-
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

693 LET US HEAR YOU TELL IT

O brother, have you told how the Lord forgave?
Let us hear you tell it over once again;
Your coming to the cross, where He died to save,
Let us hear you tell it over once again.
Are you walking now in His blessed light?
Are you cleansed from ev'ry guilty stain?
Is He your joy by day and your song by night?
Let us hear you tell it over once again.

Refrain:
Let us hear you tell it over,
Tell it over once again;
Tell the sweet and blessed story,
It will help you on to glory,
Let us hear you tell it over once again.

When toiling up the way, was the Saviour there?
Let us hear you tell it over once again;
Did Jesus bear you up in His tender care?
Let us hear you tell it over once again.
Never have you found such a friend as He,
Who can help you midst the toil and pain;
O all the world should hear what He's done for you;
Let us hear you tell it over once again.

Was ever on your tongue such a blessed theme?
Let us hear you tell it over once again!
'Tis ever sweeter far than the sweetest dream,
Let us hear you tell it over once again.
There are aching hearts in the world's great throng,
Who have sought for rest, and all in vain;
Hold Jesus up to them by your word and song;
Let us hear you tell it over once again.

The battles you have fought, and the vict'ries won,
Let us hear you tell it over once again;
'Twill help them on the way who have just begun.
Let us hear you tell it over once again.
We are striving now with the hosts of sin,
Soon with Christ our Saviour we shall reign:
Ye ransomed of the Lord, try a soul to win;
Let us hear you tell it over once again.

694 THE CALL FOR REAPERS

Far and near the fields are teeming
With the waves of ripened grain;
Far and near their gold is gleaming
O'er the sunny slope and plain.

Refrain:
Lord of harvest, send forth reapers!
Hear us, Lord, to Thee we cry;
Send them now the sheaves to gather,
Ere the harvesttime pass by.

Send them forth with morn's first beaming,
Send them in the noontide's glare;
When the sun's last rays are gleaming,
Bid them gather ev'rywhere.

O thou, whom thy Lord is sending,
Gather now the sheaves of gold;
Heav'nward then at evening wending,
Thou shalt come with joy untold.

695 FOR MY SAKE AND THE GOSPEL'S, GO

"For My sake and the gospel's, go
And tell redemption's story."
His heralds answer, "Be it so,
And Thine, Lord, all the glory!"
They preach His birth, His life, His cross,
The love of His atonement,
For whom they count the world but loss,
His rising, His enthronement.

Hark, hark, the trump of jubilee
Proclaims to ev'ry nation,
From pole to pole, by land and sea,
Glad tidings of salvation.
As nearer draws the day of doom,
While still the battle rages,
The heav'nly Dayspring thro' the gloom
Breaks on the night of ages.

Still on and on the anthems spread
Of hallelujah voices,
In concert with the holy dead
The warrior church rejoices;
Their snowwhite robes are washed in blood,
The golden harps are ringing;
Earth and the Paradise of God
One triumph song are singing.

He comes, whose advent-trumpet drowns
The last of time's evangels,
Immanuel crowned with many crowns,
The Lord of saints and angels:
O Life, Light, Love, the great I AM,
Triune, who changest never,
The throne of God and of the Lamb
Is Thine and Thine forever!

696 SO SEND I YOU

So send I you to labor unrewarded,
To serve unpaid, unloved, unsought, unknown,
To bear rebuke, to suffer scorn and scoffing,
So send I you to toil for Me alone.

Refrain:
"As the Father hath sent me,
So send I you."

So send I you to bind the bruised and broken,
O'er wand'ring souls to work, to weep, to wake,
To bear the burdens of a world aweary,
So send I you to suffer for My sake.

So send I you to loneliness and longing
With heart a-hung'ring for the loved and known,
Forsaking home and kindred, friend and dear one,
So send I you to know My love alone.

So send I you to leave your life's ambition,
To die to dear desire, self-will resign,
To labor long and love where men revile you,
So send I you to lose your life in Mine.

So send I you to hearts made hard by hatred,
To eyes made blind because they will not see,
To spend, tho' it be blood to spend and spare not,
So send I you to taste of Calvary.

697 O ZION, HASTE

O Zion, haste, thy mission high fulfilling,
To tell to all the world that God is Light;
That He who made all nations is not willing
One soul should perish, lost in shades of night.

Refrain:
Publish glad tidings,
Tidings of peace;
Tidings of Jesus,
Redemption, and release.

Behold how many thousands still are lying,
Bound in the darksome prisonhouse of sin,
With none to tell them of the Saviour's dying,
Or of the life He died for them to win.

Proclaim to ev'ry people, tongue and nation
That God in whom they live and move is love:
Tell how He stooped to save His lost creation,
And died on earth that man might live above.

Give of thy sons to bear the message glorious;
Give of thy wealth to speed them on their way;
Pour out thy soul for them in prayer victorious;
And all thou spendest Jesus will repay.

698 GO YE INTO ALL THE WORLD

Far, far away, in heathen darkness dwelling,
Millions of souls for ever may be lost;
Who, who will go, salvation's story telling,
Looking to Jesus, minding not the cost?

Refrain:
"All pow'r is given unto Me,
All pow'r is given unto Me.
Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel,
And lo, I am with you alway."

See o'er the world wide open doors inviting;
Soldiers of Christ, arise and enter in!
Christians, awake! your forces all uniting,
Send forth the gospel, break the chains of sin.

"Why will ye die?" the voice of God is calling;
"Why will ye die?" reecho in His Name!
Jesus hath died to save from death appalling,
Life and salvation, therefore, go, proclaim.

God speed the day, when those of ev'ry nation
"Glory to God!" triumphantly shall sing;
Ransomed, redeemed, rejoicing in salvation,
Shout: "Hallelujah, for the Lord is King!"

699 LET THERE BE LIGHT!

Thou whose almighty word
Chaos and darkness heard,
And took their flight,
Hear us, we humbly pray,
And where the gospel day
Sheds not its glorious ray,
Let there be light!

Thou who didst come to bring
On Thy redeeming wing
Healing and sight,
Health to the sick in mind,
Sight to the inly blind,
Oh, now to all mankind
Let there be light!

Spirit of truth and love,
Lifegiving, holy Dove,
Speed forth Thy flight;
Move on the waters' face,
Bearing the lamp of grace,
And in earth's darkest place
Let there be light!

Blessed and Holy Three,
Glorious Trinity,
Wisdom and Might;
Where guilt and sin abound
Let gospel tidings sound,
Till Thy lost sheep be found,
Let there be light!

700 THEY THAT WAIT UPON THE LORD

Ho, reapers in the whitened harvest!
Oft feeble, faint, and few;
Come, wait upon the blessed Master,
Our strength He will renew.

Refrain:
For "They that wait upon the Lord
Shall renew their strength;
They shall mount up with wings,
They shall mount up with wings as eagles:
They shall run and not be weary;
They shall walk and not faint;
They shall run and not be weary;
They shall walk and not faint;
They shall run and not be weary,
shall walk and not faint."

Too oft a-weary and discouraged,
We pour a sad complaint;
Believing in a living Saviour,
Why should we ever faint?

Rejoice! for He is with us alway,
Lo, even to the end!
Look up! take courage and go forward.
All needed grace He'll send!

701 LORD, LAY SOME SOUL UPON MY HEART

Lord, lay some soul upon my heart,
And love that soul thro' me.
And may I earnestly do my part
To win that soul for Thee.

702 SEND THE LIGHT!

There's a call comes ringing o'er the restless wave,
"Send the light! Send the light!"
There are souls to rescue, there are souls to save,
Send the light! Send the light!

Refrain:
Send the light! the blessed gospel light;
Let it shine from shore to shore!
Send the light! the blessed gospel light;
Let it shine forevermore.

We have heard the Macedonian call today,
"Send the light! Send the light!"
And a golden off'ring at the cross we lay,
Send the light! Send the light!

Let us pray that grace may ev'rywhere abound;
Send the light! Send the light!
And a Christlike spirit ev'rywhere be found,
Send the light! Send the light!

Let us not grow weary in the work of love,
Send the light! Send the light!
Let us gather jewels for a crown above,
Send the light! Send the light!

703 HARK! THE VOICE OF JESUS CALLING

Hark, the voice of Jesus calling,
"Who will go and work today?
Fields are white, and harvests waiting,
Who will bear the sheaves away?"
Loud and long the Master calleth,
Rich reward He offers thee;
Who will answer, gladly saying,
"Here am I; send me, send me"?

If you cannot cross the ocean
And the heathen lands explore,
You can find the heathen nearer,
You can help them at your door:
If you cannot give your thousands,
You can give the widow's mite;
And the least you give for Jesus
Will be precious in His sight.

Let none hear you idly saying,
"There is nothing I can do,"
While the souls of men are dying,
And the Master calls for you:
Gladly take the task He gives you;
Let His work your pleasure be;
Answer quickly when He calleth,
"Here am I; send me, send me."

704 WE PLOUGH THE FIELDS, AND SCATTER

We plough the fields, and scatter
The good seed on the land,
But it is fed and watered
By God's almighty hand;
He sends the snow in winter,
The warmth to swell the grain,
The breezes and the sunshine,
And soft refreshing rain.

He only is the Maker
Of all things near and far;
He paints the wayside flower;
He lights the evening star;
The winds and waves obey Him;
By Him the birds are fed;
Much more to us, His children,
He gives our daily bread.

We thank Thee, then, O Father,
For all things bright and good,
The seedtime and the harvest,
Our life, our health, our food:
Accept the gifts we offer
For all Thy love imparts,
And, what Thou most desirest,
Our humble, thankful hearts.

705 WHERE ARE THE REAPERS?

O where are the reapers that garner in
The sheaves of the good from the fields of sin?
With sickles of truth must the work be done,
And no-one may rest till the harvest home.

Refrain:
Where are the reapers? O who come
And share in the glory of the harvest home?
O who will help us to gather in
The sheaves of good from the fields of sin?

Go out in the byways and search them all;
The wheat may be there, tho' the weeds are tall;
Then search in the highway, and pass none by,
But gather from all for the home on high.

The fields all are ripening, and far and wide
The world now is waiting the harvest tide;
But reapers are few, and the work is great,
And much will be lost should the harvest wait.

So come with your sickles, ye sons of men,
And gather to gether the golden grain;
Toil on till the Lord of the harvest come,
Then share in the joy of the harvest home.

706 BRINGING IN THE SHEAVES

Sowing in the morning, sowing seeds of kindness,
Sowing in the noontide, and the dewy eve,
Waiting for the harvest, and the time of reaping:
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves.

Refrain:
Bringing in the sheaves, bringing in the sheaves,
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves!
Bringing in the sheaves, bringing in the sheaves,
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves!

Sowing in the sunshine, sowing in the shadow,
Fearing neither clouds nor winter's chilling breeze;
By and by the harvest, and the labor ended:
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves.

Go then ever, weeping, sowing for the Master,
Tho' the loss sustained our spirit often grieves;
When our weeping's over, He will bid us welcome:
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves.

707 THE SEED OF THE KINGDOM

Are you sowing the seed of the kingdom, brother,
In the morning bright and fair?
Are you sowing the seed of the kingdom, brother,
In the heat of the noonday's glare?

Refrain:
For the harvest time is coming on,
And the reapers' work will soon be done;
Will your sheaves be many, will you garner any
For the gath'ring at the harvest home?

Are you sowing the seed of the kingdom, brother,
In the still and solemn night?
Are you sowing the seed of the kingdom, brother,
For a harvest pure and white?

Are you sowing the seed of the kingdom, brother,
All along the fertile way?
Would you glean golden sheaves in the harvest, brother,
Come and join in the the ranks today.

708 COME, YE THANKFUL PEOPLE, COME

Come, ye thankful people, come,
Raise the song of harvest-home:
All is safely gathered in,
Ere the winter storms begin;
God, our Maker, doth provide
For our wants to be supplied:
Come to God's own temple, come,
Raise the song of harvest-home.

All the world is God's own field,
Fruit unto His praise to yield;
Wheat and tares together sown,
Unto joy or sorrow grown;
First the blade, and then the ear,
Then the full corn doth appear:
Lord of of harvest, grant that we
Wholesome grain and pure may be.

For the Lord our God shall come,
And shall take His harvest home;
From His field shall in that day
All offenses purge away;
Give His angels charge at last
In the fire the tares to cast;
But the the fruitful ears to store
In His garner evermore.

Even so, Lord, quickly come
To Thy final harvest-home;
Gather Thou Thy people in,
Free from sorrow, free from sin;
There, forever purified,
In Thy presence to abide:
Come, with all Thine angels, come,
Raise the glorious harvest-home.

709 WE GATHER TOGETHER

We gather together to ask the Lord's blessing;
He chastens and hastens His will to make known;
The wicked oppressing now cease from distressing,
Sing praises to His name: He forgets not His own.

Beside us to guide us, our God with us joining,
Ordaining, maintaining His Kingdom divine;
So from the beginning the fight we were winning:
Thou, Lord, wast at our side, All glory be Thine!

We all do extol Thee, Thou Leader triumphant,
And pray that Thou still our Defender wilt be.
Let Thy congregation escape tribulation:
Thy Name be ever praised! O Lord, make us free!

710 THERE'S A FRIEND FOR LITTLE CHILDREN

There's a Friend for little children
Above the bright blue sky,
A Friend who never changes,
Whose love will never die.
Unlike our friends by nature,
Who change with changing years,
This Friend is always worthy
The precious Name He bears.

There's a rest for little children
Above the bright blue sky,
Who love the blessed Saviour,
And "Abba, Father" cry-
A rest from ev'ry trouble,
From sin and danger free,
Where ev'ry little pilgrim
Shall rest eternally.

There's a home for little children
Above the bright blue sky,
Where Jesus reigns in glory,
A home of peace and joy;
No home on earth is like it,
Or can with it compare;
For ev'ry one is happy,
Nor could be happier, there.

There's a crown for little children
Above the bright blue sky,
And all who look to Jesus
Shall wear it by and by-
A crown of brightest glory,
Which He will then bestow
On all who love the Saviour,
And walk with Him be low.

711 MOTHERS OF SALEM

When mothers of Salem
Their children brought to Jesus,
The stern disciples drove them back
And bade them to depart:
But Jesus saw them ere they fled,
And sweetly smiled, and kindly said,
"Suffer little children to come unto Me."

"For I will receive them,
And fold them to My bosom:
I'll be a Shepherd to those lambs,
O drive them not away!
For if their hearts to Me they give,
They shall with Me in glory live:
Suffer little children to come unto Me."

How kind was our Saviour
To bid those children welcome!
But there are many thousands who
Have never heard His Name;
The Bible they have never read;
They know not that the Saviour said:
"Suffer little children to come unto Me."

O soon may the heathen
Of ev'ry tribe and nation
Fulfil Thy blessed Word, and cast
Their idols all away;
O shine upon them from above,
And show Thyself the God of love;
Teach the little children to come unto Thee.

712 JESUS IS OUR SHEPHERD

Jesus is our Shepherd,
His the voice we hear;
Folded in His bosom,
What have we to fear?
Only let us follow
Whither He doth lead,
To the thirsty desert,
Or the dewy mead.

Jesus is our Shepherd:
Well we know His voice;
How its gentlest whisper
Makes our hearts rejoice!
Even when He chideth,
Tender is His tone:
None but He shall guide us;
We are His alone.

Jesus is our Shepherd:
For the sheep He bled;
Ev'ry lamb is sprinkled
With the blood He shed;
Then on each He setteth
His own sacred sign:
"They that have My Spirit,
These," saith He, "are Mine."

Jesus is our Shepherd:
Guarded by His arm,
Though the wolves may threaten,
None can do us harm;
When we tread death's valley,
Dark with fearful gloom,
We will fear no evil,
Victors o'er the tomb.

713 THE ANGELS' STORY

I love to hear the story
Which angel voices tell,
How once the King of glory
Came down on earth to dwell.
I am both weak and sinful,
But this I surely know-
The Lord came down to save me,
Because He loved me so.

I'm glad my blessed Saviour
Was once a child like me,
To show how pure and holy
His little ones might be:
And if I try to follow
His footsteps here below,
He never will forget me,
Because He loves me so.

To sing His love and mercy
My sweetest songs I'll raise;
And though I cannot see Him,
I know He hears my praise:
For He has kindly promised
That even I may go
To sing among His angels,
Because He loves me so.

714 GENTLE JESUS, MEEK AND MILD

Gentle Jesus, meek and mild,
Look upon a little child;
Pity my simplicity,
Suffer me to come to Thee.

Lamb of God, I look to Thee;
Thou shalt my example be:
Thou art gentle, meek and mild;
Thou wast once a little child.

Fain I would be as Thou art;
Give me Thine obedient heart:
Thou art pitiful and kind;
Let me have Thy loving mind.

Loving Jesus, gentle Lamb,
In Thy gracious hands I am;
Make me, Saviour, what Thou art,
Live Thyself within my heart.

I shall then show forth Thy praise,
Serve Thee all my happy days;
Then the world shall always see
Christ, the holy Child, in me.

715 WHEN HE COMETH

When He cometh, when He cometh
To make up His jewels,
All His jewels, precious jewels,
His loved and His own:

Refrain:
Like the stars of the morning,
His bright crown adorning,
They shall shine in their beauty,
Bright gems for His crown.

He will gather, He will gather
The gems for His kingdom;
All the pure ones, all the bright ones,
His loved and His own.

Little children, little children
Who love their Redeemer,
Are the jewels, precious jewels,
His loved and His own.

716 GENTLE JESUS, MEEK AND MILD

Gentle Jesus, meek and mild,
Look upon a little child;
Pity my simplicity,
Suffer me to come to Thee.

Lamb of God, I look to Thee;
Thou shalt my example be:
Thou art gentle, meek and mild;
Thou wast once a little child.

Fain I would be as Thou art;
Give me Thine obedient heart:
Thou art pitiful and kind;
Let me have Thy loving mind.

Loving Jesus, gentle Lamb,
In Thy gracious hands I am;
Make me, Saviour, what Thou art,
Live Thyself within my heart.

I shall then show forth Thy praise,
Serve Thee all my happy days;
Then the world shall always see
Christ, the holy Child, in me.

717 CHILDREN OF JERUSALEM

Children of Jerusalem
Sang the praise of Jesus' name:
Children, too, of modern days
Join to sing the Saviour's praise.

Refrain:
Hark, hark, hark! while infant voices sing,
Hark, hark, hark! while infant voices sing,
Loud hosannas, loud hosannas,
Loud hosannas, to our King.

We are taught to love the Lord,
We are taught to read His Word,
We are taught the way to heav'n:
Praise for all to God be giv'n.

Parents, teachers, old and young,
All unite to swell the song;
Higher and yet higher rise,
Till hosannas reach the skies.

718 JESUS BIDS US SHINE

Jesus bids us shine, with a clear, pure light,
Like a little candle burning in the night;
In this world of darkness we must shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, first of all for Him;
Well He sees and knows it if our light is dim;
He looks down from heaven, to see us shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, then, for all around
Many kinds of darkness in this world abound-
Sin, and want, and sorrow: so we must shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

719 JESUS LOVES ME

Jesus loves me! this I know,
For the Bible tells me so;
Little ones to Him belong,
They are weak, but He is strong.

Refrain:
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
The Bible tells me so.

Jesus loves me! He who died,
Heaven's gate to open wide;
He will wash away my sin,
That His child may enter in.

Jesus loves me! loves me still,
When I'm very weak and ill;
From His shining throne on high,
Watches o'er me where I lie.

Jesus loves me! He will stay
Close beside me all the way;
If I trust Him, when I die
He will take me home on high.

720 GOD IS ALWAYS NEAR ME

God is always near me,
Hearing what I say,
Knowing all my thoughts and deeds,
All my work and play.

God is always near me;
In the darkest night
He can see me just the same
As by midday light.

God is always near me,
Though so young and small;
Not a look or word or thought,
But God knows it all.

721 O WHAT CAN LITTLE HANDS DO?

Oh, what can little hands do
To please the King of heav'n heaven?
The little hands some work may try,
To help the poor in misery:
Such grace to mine be giv'n.

Oh, what can little lips do
To please the King of heav'n heaven?
The little lips can praise and pray,
And gentle words of kindness say:
Such grace to mine be giv'n.

Oh, what can little eyes do
To please the King of heav'n heaven?
The little eyes can upward look,
Can learn to read God's holy Book,
Such grace to mine be giv'n.

Oh, what can little hearts do
To please the King of heav'n heaven?
Young hearts, if God His Spirit send,
Can love their Maker, Saviour, Friend:
Such grace to mine be giv'n.

722 THERE IS A HAPPY LAND

There is a happy land
Far, far away,
Where saints in glory stand,
Bright, bright as day.
Oh, how they sweetly sing:
Worthy is our Saviour King!
Loud let His praises ring,
Praise, praise for aye.

Come to this happy land,
Come, come away;
Why will ye doubting stand?
Why still delay?
Oh, we shall happy be
When, from sin and sorrow free,
Lord, we shall live with Thee,
Blessed, blessed for aye.

Bright in that happy land
Beams ev'ry eye;
Kept by a Father's hand,
Love cannot die;
On then to glory run;
Be a crown and kingdom won;
And, bright above the sun,
Reign, reign for aye.

723 ALL THINGS BRIGHT AND BEAUTIFUL

All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
The Lord God made them all.
Each little flow'r that opens,
Each little bird that sings,
He made their glowing colors,
He made their tiny wings.

Refrain:
All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
The Lord God made them all.

All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
The Lord God made them all.
The purple-headed mountain,
The river running by,
The sunset, and the morning
That brightens up the sky.

All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
The Lord God made them all.
The cold wind in the winter,
The pleasant summer sun,
The ripe fruits in the garden,
He made them ev'ry one:

All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
The Lord God made them all.
The tall trees in the greenwood,
The meadows where we play,
The rushes by the water
We gather ev'ry day:

All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
The Lord God made them all.
He gave us eyes to see them,
And lips that we might tell
How great is God Almighty,
Who has made all things well:

724 GLORY, GLORY, GLORY!

Around the throne of God in heav'n
Thousands of children stand,
Children whose sins are all forgiv'n,
A holy, happy band:

Refrain:
Singing, "Glory, glory, glory!"
Singing, "Glory, glory, glory!"

In flowing robes of spotless white
See ev'ry one arrayed,
Dwelling in everlasting light
And joys that never fade:

What brought them to that world above,
That heav'n so bright and fair,
Where all is peace, and joy, and love?
How came those children there?

Because the Saviour shed His blood
To wash away their sin;
Bathed in that pure and precious flood,
Behold them white and clean!

On earth they sought the Saviour's grace,
On earth they loved His Name;
So now they see His blessed face,
And stand before the Lamb:

725 DARE TO BE A DANIEL

A Dare to be a Daniel,
Dare to stand alone!
Dare to have a purpose firm!
Dare to make it known!

726 LORD, HOW DELIGHTFUL

Lord, how delightful 'tis to see
A whole assembly worship Thee!
At once they sing, at once they pray;
They hear of heav'n, and learn the way.

I have been there, and still would go,
'Tis like a little heav'n below;
Not all my pleasure and my play
Shall tempt me to forget this day.

Oh, write upon my mem'ry Lord,
The texts and doctrines of Thy Word;
That I may break Thy laws no more,
But love Thee better than before.

With thoughts of Christ, and things divine
Fill up this foolish heart of mine;
That, hoping pardon thro' His blood,
I may lie down and wake with God.

727 O FATHER ALL-CREATING

O Father all-creating,
Whose wisdom, love and pow'r
First bound two lives together
In Eden's primal hour,
Today to these Thy children
Thine earliest gifts renew:
A home by Thee made happy,
A love by Thee kept true.

O Saviour, Guest most bounteous
Of old in Galilee,
Vouchsafe today Thy presence
With those who call on Thee;
Their store of earthly gladness
Transform to heav'nly wine,
And teach them in the tasting
To know the gift is Thine.

O Spirit of the Father,
Breathe on them from above,
So mighty in Thy pureness,
So tender in Thy love;
That, guarded by Thy presence,
From sin and strife kept free,
Their lives may own Thy guidance,
Their hearts be ruled by Thee.

Except Thou build it, Father,
The house is built in vain;
Except Thou, Saviour, bless it,
The joy will turn to pain:
But naught can break the union
Of hearts in Thee made one;
And love Thy Spirit hallows
Is endless love begun.

728 O PERFECT LOVE

O perfect Love, all human thought transcending,
Lowly we kneel in prayer before Thy throne,
That theirs may be the love that has no ending,
Whom Thou forevermore dost join in one.

O perfect Life, be Thou their full assurance
Of tender charity and steadfast faith,
Of patient hope, and quiet, brave endurance,
With childlike trust that fears nor pain nor death.

Grant them the joy which brightens earthly sorrow;
Grant them the peace which calms all earthly strife,
And to life's day the glorious, unknown morrow
That dawns upon eternal love and life.

Hear us, O Father, gracious and forgiving,
Through Jesus Christ, Thy coeternal Word,
Who, with the Holy Ghost, by all things living
Now and to endless ages art adored.

729 GIVE EAR UNTO GOD'S HOLY WORD

Give ear unto God's Holy Word
And hear His perfect law;
Remember what His hand hath done
And tell His works in awe;
Recount unto thy children's hearts
The things which thou wast told-
The truth which thou hast heard and known
From generations old.

Refrain:
So shall thy children hope in God
And not forget forget His name,
But follow in the ways of Him
Who ever is the same.

Recount the works of evil men
Who turned their hearts from God;
Recall the judgment of the Lord,
Behold His chast'ning rod;
Reproach the men of fainting heart
Who fled before the fight;
Acclaim within thy house the men
Who fought for truth and right.

Remember God's almighty hand
To those in deepest need;
His Providential care for those
Who trusted Him indeed.
From rocks there issued healing streams,
The heavens yielded bread-
Make known to all God's wondrous care
Wheree'er His hand hath led.

730 O LORD, BEHOLD US AT THY FEET

O Lord, behold us at Thy feet,
A needy, sinful band;
As suppliants round Thy mercy seat
We come at Thy command.

'Tis for our children we would plead,
The offspring Thou hast giv'n;
Where shall we go in time of need
But to the Lord of heav'n?

We ask not for them wealth or fame,
Amid the worldly strife;
But, in the all-prevailing Name,
We ask eternal life.

We crave the Spirit's quick'ning grace,
To make them pure in heart,
That they may stand before Thy face,
And see Thee as Thou art.

731 O GIVE US HOMES

O give us homes built firm upon the Saviour,
Where Christ is Head, and Counsellor and Guide;
Where ev'ry child is taught His love and favor
And gives his heart to Christ, the crucified:
How sweet to know that tho' his footsteps waver
His faithful Lord is walking by his side!

O give us homes with godly fathers, mothers,
Who always place their hope and trust in Him;
Whose tender patience turmoil never bothers,
Whose calm and courage trouble cannot dim;
A home where each finds joy in serving others,
And love still shines, tho' days be dark and grim.

O give us homes where Christ is Lord and Master,
The Bible read, the precious hymns still sung;
Where prayer comes first in peace or in disaster,
And praise is natural speech to ev'ry tongue;
Where mountains move before a faith that's vaster,
And Christ sufficient is for old and young.

O Lord, our God, our homes are Thine forever!
We trust to Thee their problems, toil, and care;
Their bonds of love no enemy can sever
If Thou art always Lord and Master there:
Be Thou the center of our least endeavor:
Be Thou our Guest, our hearts and homes to share.

732 ANOTHER YEAR IS DAWNING

Another year is dawning:
Dear Father, let it be,
In working or in waiting,
Another year with Thee;
Another year of progress,
Another year of praise,
Another year of proving
Thy presence all the days;

Another year of mercies,
Of faithfulness and grace;
Another year of gladness
In the shining of Thy face;
Another year of leaning
Upon Thy loving breast;
Another year of trusting,
Of quiet, happy rest;

Another year of service,
Of witness for Thy love;
Another year of training
For holier work above.
Another year is dawning:
Dear Father, let it be,
On earth or else in heaven,
Another year for Thee.

733 STANDING AT THE PORTAL

Standing at the portal
Of the op'ning year,
Words of comfort meet us,
Hushing ev'ry fear;
Spoken thro' the silence
By our Father's voice,
Tender, strong and faithful,
Making us rejoice.

Refrain:
Onward, then, and fear not,
Children of the day;
For His Word shall never,
Never pass away.

I, the Lord, am with thee,
Be thou not afraid!
I will keep and strengthen,
Be thou not dismayed!
Yea, I will uphold thee
With My own right hand;
Thou art called and chosen
In My sight to stand.

For the year before us,
O what rich supplies!
For the poor and needy
Living streams shall rise;
For the sad and sinful
Shall His grace abound;
For the faint and feeble
Perfect strength be found.

He will never fail us,
He will not forsake;
His eternal cov'nant
He will never break.
Resting on His promise,
What have we to fear?
God is allsufficient
For the coming year.

734 GOD OF OUR FATHERS, WHOSE ALMIGHTY HAND

God of our fathers, whose almighty hand
Leads forth in beauty all the starry band
Of shining worlds in splendor through the skies,
Our grateful songs before Thy throne arise.

Thy love divine hath led us in the past;
In this free land by Thee our lot is cast;
Be Thou our ruler, guardian, guide, and stay,
Thy Word our law, Thy paths our chosen way.

From war's alarms, from deadly pestilence,
Be Thy strong arm our ever sure defense;
Thy true religion in our hearts increase,
Thy bounteous goodness nourish us in peace.

Refresh Thy people on their toilsome way;
Lead us from night to never ending day;
Fill all our lives with love and grace divine;
And glory, laud, and praise be ever Thine.

735 AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL

O beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
For purple mountain majesties
Above the fruited plain!
America! America!
God shed His grace on thee,
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!

O beautiful for pilgrim feet,
Whose stern, impassioned stress
A thorough-fare for freedom beat
Across the wilderness!
America! America!
God mend thine ev'ry flaw,
Confirm thy soul in self control,
Thy liberty in law!

O beautiful for heroes proved
In liberating strife,
Who more than self their country loved,
And mercy more than life!
America! America!
May God thy gold refine
Till all success be nobleness
And ev'ry gain divine!

O beautiful for patriot dream
That sees beyond the years
Thine alabaster cities gleam,
Undimmed by human tears!
America! America!
God shed His grace on thee,
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!

736 IF MY PEOPLE

If my people which are called by my name
Shall humble themselves and pray,
And seek my face, and seek my face
And turn from their wicked ways:
Then I will hear from heaven,
Then I will hear from heaven
And forgive their sin,
And will heal their land.

737 MY COUNTRY, 'TIS OF THEE

My country 'tis of thee,
Sweet land of liberty,
Of thee I sing:
Land where my fathers died,
Land of the pilgrim's pride,
From ev 'ry mountainside
Let freedom ring!

My native country, thee,
Land of the noble, free,
Thy name I love:
I love thy rocks and rills,
Thy woods and templed hills;
My heart with rapture thrills,
Like that above.

Let music swell the breeze,
And ring from all the trees
Sweet freedom's song:
Let mortal tongues awake;
Let all that breathe partake;
Let rocks their silence break,
The sound prolong.

Our fathers' God, to Thee,
Author of liberty,
To Thee we sing:
Long may our land be bright
With freedom's holy light;
Protect us by Thy might,
Great God, our King!

738 HOW GOOD IS THE GOD WE ADORE

How good is the God we adore,
Our faithful, unchangeable Friend!
His love is as great as His pow'r,
And knows neither measure nor end.

'Tis Jesus the First and the Last,
Whose Spirit shall guide us safe home;
We'll praise Him for all that is past,
And trust Him for all that's to come.

739 THE DAY THOU GAVEST, LORD, IS ENDED

The day Thou gavest, Lord, is ended,
The darkness falls at Thy behest;
To Thee our morning hymns ascended,
Thy praise shall hallow now our rest.

We thank Thee that Thy Church unsleeping,
While earth rolls onward into light,
Thro' all the world her watch is keeping,
And rests not now by day or night.

As o'er each continent and island
The dawn leads on another day,
The voice of prayer is never silent,
Nor die the strains of praise away.

The sun that bids us rest is waking
Our brethren 'neath the western sky,
And hour by hour fresh lips are making
Thy wondrous doings heard on high.

So be it, Lord; Thy throne shall never,
Like earth's proud empires, pass away;
Thy kingdom stands, and grows forever,
Till all Thy creatures own Thy sway.

740 GOD BE WITH YOU TILL WE MEET AGAIN

God be with you till we meet again;
By His counsels guide, uphold you,
With His sheep securely fold you;
God be with you till we we meet again.

Refrain:
Till we meet, till we meet,
Till we meet at Jesus' feet;
Till we meet, till we meet,
God be with you till we we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again;
'Neath His wings protecting hide you,
Daily manna still provide you;
God be with you till we we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again;
When life's perils thick confound you,
Put His arms unfailing round you;
God be with you till we we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again;
Keep love's banner floating o'er you,
Smite death's threat'ning wave before you;
God be with you till we we meet again.

37 ALL HAIL THE POWER OF JESUS' NAME

38 ALL HAIL THE POWER OF JESUS' NAME

95 O LITTLE TOWN OF BETHLEHEM

107 WHILE SHEPHERDS WATCHED

113 AWAY IN A MANGER

134 HARK! THE VOICE OF LOVE AND MERCY

137 WHEN I SURVEY THE WONDROUS CROSS

164 LOOK, YE SAINTS

241 NOTHING BUT THE BLOOD

294 HARK! THE GOSPEL NEWS IS SOUNDING

301 COME, YE SINNERS, POOR AND NEEDY

505 MASTER, THE TEMPEST IS RAGING

507 HE WHO WOULD VALIANT BE

564 MAKE ME A CAPTIVE, LORD

609 GOD WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU

686 REVIVE THY WORK, O LORD