1 SING PRAISE TO GOD WHO REIGNS ABOVE

Sing praise to God who reigns above,
The God of all creation,
The God of pow'r, the God of love,
The God of our salvation.
With healing balm my soul He fills,
And every faithless murmur stills:
To God all praise and glory!

What God's almighty pow'r hath made
His gracious mercy keepeth.
By morning glow or evening shade
His watchful eye ne'er sleepeth.
Within the kingdom of His might,
Lo! all is just and all is right:
To God all praise and glory!

The Lord is never far away,
But, thru all grief distressing,
An ever-present help and stay,
Our peace and joy and blessing.
As with a mother's tender hand
He leads His own, His chosen band:
To God all praise and glory!

Thus all my toilsome way along
I sing aloud His praises,
That men may hear the grateful song
My voice unwearied raises.
Be joyful in the Lord, my heart!
Both soul and body bear your part:
To God all praise and glory!

2 PRAISE TO THE LORD, THE ALMIGHTY

Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation!
O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation!
All ye who hear, Now to His temple draw near;
Join me in glad adoration.

Praise to the Lord, who o'er all things so wondrously reigneth,
Shelters thee under His wings, yea, so gently sustaineth!
Hast thou not seen, How thy desires e'er have been
Granted in what He ordaineth?

Praise to the Lord, who with marvelous wisdom hath made thee!
Decked thee with health, and with loving hand guided and stayed thee;
How oft in grief, Hath not He brought thee relief,
Spreading His wings for to shade thee!

Praise to the Lord, O let all that is in me adore Him!
All that hath life and breath, come now with praises before Him!
Let the Amen, Sound from His people again:
Gladly forever adore Him!

3 PRAISE THE LORD! YE HEAVENS ADORE HIM

Praise the Lord! ye heav'ns adore Him;
Praise Him, angels, in the height;
Sun and moon, rejoice before Him;
Praise Him, all ye stars of light.
Praise the Lord! for He hath spoken;
Worlds His mighty voice obeyed;
Laws which never shall be broken
For their guidance He hath made.

Praise the Lord! for He is glorious;
Never shall His promise fail;
God hath made His saints victorious;
Sin and death shall not prevail.
Praise the God of our salvation!
Hosts on high, His pow'r proclaim;
Heav'n and earth and all creation,
Laud and magnify His name.

Worship, honor, glory, blessing,
Lord, we offer unto Thee;
Young and old, Thy praise expressing,
In glad homage bend the knee.
All the saints in heav'n adore Thee;
We would bow before Thy throne;
As Thine angels serve before Thee,
So on earth Thy will be done.

4 PRAISE, MY SOUL, THE KING OF HEAVEN

Praise, my soul, the King of heaven;
To His feet thy tribute bring;
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
Who like thee His praise should sing?
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Praise the everlasting King!

Praise Him for His grace and favor
To our fathers in distress;
Praise Him still the same as ever,
Slow to chide, and swift to bless.
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Glorious in His faithfulness!

Frail as summer's flower we flourish;
Blows the wind and it is gone;
But, while mortals rise and perish,
God endures unchanging on.
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Praise the high eternal One!

Angels in the height, adore Him;
Ye behold Him face to face;
Saints triumphant, bow before Him;
Gathered in from ev'ry race.
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Praise with us the God of grace!

5 HOW GREAT THOU ART

O Lord, my God, when I in awesome wonder
Consider all the worlds Thy hands have made,
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder,
Thy pow'r throughout the universe displayed.

Refrain:
Then sings my soul, my Savior God, to Thee:
How great Thou art! How great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Savior God, to Thee:
How great Thou art! How great Thou art!

When through the woods and forest glades I wander,
And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees;
When I look down from lofty mountain grandeur,
And hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze;

And when I think that God, His Son not sparing,
Sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in;
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing,
He bled and died to take away my sin;

When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation
And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart!
Then I shall bow in humble adoration,
And there proclaim: my God, how great Thou art!

6 THE GOD OF ABRAHAM PRAISE

The God of Abraham praise,
Who reigns enthroned above;
Ancient of everlasting days,
And God of love;
Jehovah, great I AM,
By earth and heav'n confessed;
I bow and bless the sacred name,
Forever blest.

The God of Abraham praise,
At whose supreme command
From earth I rise, and seek the joys
At His right hand.
I all on earth forsake,
Its wisdom, fame, and pow'r;
And Him my only portion make,
My shield and tow'r.

He by Himself hath sworn,
I on His oath depend,
I shall, on eagle wings upborne,
To heav'n ascend.
I shall behold His face,
I shall His pow'r adore,
And sing the wonders of His grace,
Forevermore.

The whole triumphant host
Give thanks to God on high;
"Hail, Father, Son and Holy Ghost!"
They ever cry.
Hail, Abram's God and mine!
I join the heav'nly lays,
All might and majesty are Thine,
And endless praise.

7 SING PRAISE TO THE LORD

Sing praise to the Lord! Praise Him in the height;
Rejoice in His word, you angels of light.
You heavens, adore Him by whom you were made,
And worship before Him in brightness arrayed.

Sing praise to the Lord! Praise Him on the earth,
In tuneful accord, you saints of new birth;
Praise Him who has brought you His grace from above;
Praise Him who has taught you to sing of His love.

Sing praise to the Lord! All things that give sound,
Each jubilant chord ring out all around;
Loud organs, His glory tell forth in deep tone,
And trumpets, the story of what He has done.

Sing praise to the Lord! Thanksgiving and song
To Him be outpoured all ages along!
For love in creation, for heaven restored,
For grace of salvation, sing praise to the Lord!

8 WE PRAISE THEE, O GOD, OUR REDEEMER

We praise Thee, O God, our Redeemer, Creator,
In grateful devotion our tribute we bring.
We lay it before You, we kneel and adore You,
We bless Your holy name, glad praises we sing.

We worship You, God of our fathers, we bless You;
Through life's storm and tempest our Guide You have been.
When perils o'ertake us, You will not forsake us,
And with Your help, O Lord, our battles we win.

With voices united our praises we offer,
To You, great Jehovah, glad anthems we raise.
Your strong arm will guide us, our God is beside us,
To You, our great Redeemer, forever be praise.

9 STAND UP AND BLESS THE LORD

Stand up and bless the Lord,
All people of His choice;
Stand up and bless the Lord your God
With heart and soul and voice.

Though high above all praise,
Above all blessing high,
Who would not fear His holy name,
And laud and magnify?

O for the living flame
From His own altar brought,
To touch our lips, our minds inspire,
And wing to heav'n our thought!

God is our strength and song,
And His salvation ours;
Then be His love in Christ proclaimed
With all our ransomed pow'rs.

Stand up and bless the Lord;
The Lord your God adore;
Stand up and bless His glorious name,
Henceforth forevermore.

11 ALL CREATURES OF OUR GOD AND KING

All creatures of our God and King,
Lift up your voice and with us sing,
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Thou burning sun with golden beam,
Thou silver moon with softer gleam,
O praise Him, O praise Him!
Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

Thou rushing wind that art so strong,
Ye clouds that sail in heav'n along,
O praise Him! Alleluia!
Thou rising morn, in praise rejoice,
Ye lights of evening, find a voice,
O praise Him, O praise Him!
Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

And all ye men of tender heart,
Forgiving others, take your part,
O sing ye! Alleluia!
Ye who long pain and sorrow bear,
Praise God and on Him cast your care,
O praise Him, O praise Him!
Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

Let all things their Creator bless,
And worship Him in humbleness,
O praise Him! Alleluia!
Praise, praise the Father, praise the Son,
And praise the Spirit, Three in One,
O praise Him, O praise Him!
Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

14 GIVE TO OUR GOD IMMORTAL PRAISE

Give to our God immortal praise;
Mercy and truth are all His ways:
Wonders of grace to God belong;
Repeat His mercies in your song.

He built the earth, He spread the sky,
And fixed the starry lights on high:
Wonders of grace to God belong;
Repeat His mercies in your song.

He fills the sun with morning light;
He bids the moon direct the night:
His mercies ever shall endure,
When suns and moons shall shine no more.

He sent His Son with pow'r to save
From guilt and darkness and the grave:
Wonders of grace to God belong;
Repeat His mercies in your song.

Through this vain world He guides our feet,
And leads us to His heav'nly seat:
His mercies ever shall endure,
When this our world shall be no more.

17 O FATHER, YOU ARE SOVEREIGN

O Father, You are sov'reign in all the worlds You made;
Your mighty word was spoken and light and life obeyed.
Your voice commands the seasons and bounds the ocean's shore,
Sets stars within their courses and stills the tempest's roar.

O Father, You are sov'reign in all affairs of man;
No pow'rs of death or darkness can thwart Your perfect plan.
All chance and change transcending, supreme in time and space,
You hold Your trusting children secure in Your embrace.

O Father, You are sov'reign, the Lord of human pain,
Transmuting earthly sorrows to gold of heav'nly gain.
All evil overruling, as none but Conqu'ror could,
Your love pursues its purpose, our souls' eternal good.

O Father, You are sovereign! We see You dimly now,
But soon before Your triumph earth's ev'ry knee shall bow.
With this glad hope before us our faith springs up anew:
Our sov'reign Lord and Savior, we trust and worship You!

18 ALL PEOPLE THAT ON EARTH DO DWELL

All people that on earth do dwell,
Sing to the Lord with cheerful voice;
Him serve with fear, His praise forth-tell;
Come ye before Him and rejoice.

The Lord, ye know, is God indeed;
Without our aid He did us make;
We are His flock, He doth us feed,
And for His sheep He doth us take.

O enter then His gates with praise;
Approach with joy His courts unto;
Praise, laud, and bless His name always,
For it is seemly so to do.

For why? the Lord our God is good,
His mercy is forever sure;
His truth at all times firmly stood,
And shall from age to age endure.

19 TO GOD BE THE GLORY

To God be the glory, great things He hath done;
So loved He the world that He gave us His Son,
Who yielded His life an atonement for sin,
And opened the life-gate that all may go in.

Refrain:
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord,
Let the earth hear His voice!
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord,
Let the people rejoice!
O come to the Father thru Jesus the Son,
And give Him the glory, great things He hath done!

O perfect redemption, the purchase of blood,
To ev'ry believer the promise of God;
The vilest offender who truly believes,
That moment from Jesus a pardon receives.

Great things He hath taught us, great things He hath done,
And great our rejoicing thru Jesus the Son;
But purer and higher and greater will be
Our wonder, our transport, when Jesus we see.

23 JOYFUL, JOYFUL, WE ADORE THEE

Joyful, joyful, we adore Thee,
God of glory, Lord of love;
Hearts unfold like flowers before Thee,
Op'ning to the sun above.
Melt the clouds of sin and sadness;
Drive the dark of doubt away;
Giver of immortal gladness,
Fill us with the light of day!

All Thy works with joy surround Thee,
Earth and heav'n reflect Thy rays,
Stars and angels sing around Thee,
Center of unbroken praise.
Field and forest, vale and mountain,
Flow'ry meadow, flashing sea,
Singing bird and flowing fountain
Call us to rejoice in Thee!

Thou art giving and forgiving,
Ever blessing, ever blest,
Wellspring of the joy of living,
Ocean-depth of happy rest!
Thou our Father, Christ our Brother -
All who live in love are Thine;
Teach us how to love each other,
Lift us to the joy divine!

Mortals, join the happy chorus,
Which the morning stars began;
Father love is reigning o'er us,
Draws us through the Son of Man.
Ever singing, march we onward,
Victors in the midst of strife,
Joyful music leads us onward
In the triumph song of life.

24 O MY SOUL, BLESS GOD THE FATHER

O my soul, bless God the Father,
All within me bless His name;
Bless the Father and forget not
All His mercies to proclaim.

Who forgives all your transgressions,
Your diseases all who heals,
Who redeems you from destruction,
Who with you so kindly deals?

Far as east from west is distant,
He has put away our sin;
Like the pity of a father
Has the Lord's compassion been.

As it was without beginning,
So it lasts without an end;
To their children's children ever
Shall His righteousness extend.

Unto such as keep His cov'nant
And are steadfast in His way;
Unto those who still remember
His commandments, and obey.

Bless the Father, all His creatures,
Ever under His control,
All throughout His vast dominions:
Bless the Father, O my soul.

25 THE PERFECT WISDOM OF OUR GOD

The perfect wisdom of our God
Revealed in all the universe:
All things created by His hand
And held together at His command.
He knows the mysteries of the seas,
The secrets of the stars are His;
He guides the planets on their way
And turns the earth through another day.

The matchless wisdom of His ways
That mark the path of righteousness;
His word a lamp unto my feet,
His Spirit teaching and guiding me.
And O the mystery of the cross,
That God should suffer for the lost,
So that the fool might shame the wise,
And all the glory might go to Christ!

O grant me wisdom from above,
To pray for peace and cling to love,
And teach me humbly to receive
The sun and rain of Your sovereignty.
Each strand of sorrow has a place
Within this tapestry of grace;
So through the trials I choose to say:
"Your perfect will in Your perfect way."

26 I SING THE MIGHTY POWER OF GOD

I sing the mighty power of God
That made the mountains rise,
That spread the flowing seas abroad
And built the lofty skies.
I sing the wisdom that ordained
The sun to rule the day;
The moon shines full at His command
And all the stars obey.

I sing the goodness of the Lord
That filled the earth with food;
He formed the creatures with His word
And then pronounced them good.
Lord, how Thy wonders are displayed,
Wher-e'er I turn my eye:
If I survey the ground I tread
Or gaze upon the sky!

There's not a plant or flower below
But makes Thy glories known;
And clouds arise and tempests blow
By order from Thy throne;
While all that borrows life from Thee
Is ever in Thy care,
And ev'rywhere that man can be,
Thou, God art present there.

29 CREATION SINGS

Creation sings the Father's song.
He calls the sun to wake the dawn
And run the course of day
'Til evening falls in crimson rays.
His fingerprints in flakes of snow,
His breath upon this spinning globe;
He charts the eagle's flight;
Commands the newborn baby's cry.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! Let all creation stand and sing,
"Hallelujah!" Fill the earth with songs of worship,
Tell the wonders of creation's King.

Creation gazed upon His face;
The ageless One in time's embrace
Unveiled the Father's plan
Of reconciling God and man.
A second Adam walked the earth,
Whose blameless life would break the curse,
Whose death would set us free
To live with Him eternally.

Creation longs for His return,
When Christ shall reign upon the earth;
The bitter wars that rage
Are birth pains of a coming age.
He renews the land and sky,
All heav'n will sing and earth reply
With one resplendent theme:
The glory of our God and King!

31 THIS IS MY FATHER'S WORLD

This is my Father's world,
And to my list'ning ears,
All nature sings, and round me rings
The music of the spheres.
This is my Father's world,
I rest me in the thought
Of rocks and trees, of skies and seas;
His hand the wonders wrought.

This is my Father's world,
The birds their carols raise;
The morning light, the lily white,
Declare their Maker's praise.
This is my Father's world,
He shines in all that's fair;
In the rustling grass I hear Him pass,
He speaks to me ev'rywhere.

This is my Father's world,
O let me ne'er forget
That though the wrong seems oft so strong,
God is the Ruler yet.
This is my Father's world,
The battle is not done;
Jesus who died shall be satisfied,
And earth and heav'n be one.

32 THESE GREAT THINGS

How can it be this truth divine
declared by God above?
That all things by His grand design
work good for us by love.

Chorus:
What shall we say to these great things
of mystery sublime?
That if He is for us we can sing,
now and for all time.

Called by our Lord in purposed ends
no tragedy shall win;
No curse for those He calls His friends;
He saved us from our sins.

Foreknown by Him with hearts made new,
to His Son we conform.
No pow'r on earth can this undo
for those He's made reborn.

First He did choose and called He then
to surely justify;
For those of the faith beyond our ken
He soon will glorify.

33 OUR SOVEREIGN GOD

Our Sov'reign God by His own word sustains this world and reigns as Lord.
No angel, demon, sinful man can change His course, restrain His hand.
O Sov'reign God, we praise Your pow'r; Your wisdom, goodness we adore!
We bow our hearts before Your throne; help us, O Lord, to trust You more!

When the fullness of the time had come, God sent His own beloved Son
To keep God's law, live in our place, to bear our sin, guilt and disgrace.
Dead in our sin, estranged from God, we fled as rebels from His love.
In sov'reign grace He made us sons and saved us from the wrath to come.

Before our birth He planned our days, laid out our course, ordained our ways.
The moments of our lives He weaves so all the glory He receives.
To those He loved before all time, to all He called, in grace renewed,
He cannot lie; His Word is true - He makes all things to work for good!

He has written hist'ry's final page; His Son's return will end this age.
The Lamb will come in glorious might, take back His world and end its night.
How deep the wisdom of our God, unknown, unfathomed are His ways!
None counsels Him or knows His mind. We bow before Him all our days!

35 O GREAT GOD

O great God of highest heav'n,
Occupy my lowly heart.
Own it all and reign supreme,
Conquer ev'ry rebel pow'r.
Let no vice or sin remain
That resists Your holy war.
You have loved and purchased me,
Make me Yours forevermore.

I was blinded by my sin,
Had no ears to hear Your voice,
Did not know Your love within,
Had no taste for heaven's joys.
Then Your Spirit gave me life,
Opened up Your Word to me,
Through the gospel of Your Son,
Gave me endless hope and peace.

Help me now to live a life
That's dependent on Your grace.
Keep my heart and guard my soul
From the evils that I face.
You are worthy to be praised
With my ev'ry thought and deed.
O great God of highest heav'n,
Glorify Your name through me.

36 IMMORTAL, INVISIBLE

Immortal, invisible, God only wise,
In light inaccessible hid from our eyes,
Most blessed, most glorious, the Ancient of Days,
Almighty, victorious, Thy great name we praise.

Unresting, unhasting, and silent as light,
Nor wanting, nor wasting, Thou rulest in might;
Thy justice, like mountains, high soaring above,
Thy clouds, which are fountains of goodness and love.

To all, life Thou givest, to both great and small;
In all life Thou livest, the true life of all;
We blossom and flourish as leaves on the tree,
And wither and perish, but naught changeth Thee.

Great Father of glory, pure Father of light,
Thine angels adore Thee, all veiling their sight;
All praise we would render; O help us to see
'Tis only the splendor of light hideth Thee!

37 HOW GREAT OUR GOD'S MAJESTIC NAME

How great our God's majestic Name!
His glory fills the earth and sky.
His praise the heav'nly host proclaim,
Eternal God and Lord most high.

His fingers set the moon in place,
The stars their Maker's hand declare;
In earth and sky alike we trace
The pattern of His constant care.

And what of us? Creation's crown,
Upheld in God's eternal mind;
On whom He looks in tender love
For humankind.

His praise the heav'nly host proclaim
And we His children tell His worth:
How great is God's majestic Name,
His glory seen in all the earth!

39 ETERNAL LIGHT! ETERNAL LIGHT!

Eternal Light! Eternal Light!
How pure that soul must be,
When, placed within Thy searching sight,
It shrinks not, but with calm delight
Can live, and look on Thee.

The spirits that surround Thy throne
May bear the burning bliss;
But surely that is theirs alone,
Who, undefiled, have never known
A fallen world like this.

O how shall I, whose native sphere
Is dark, whose mind is dim,
Before the Ineffable appear,
And on my naked spirit bear
The uncreated beam?

There is a way for man to rise
To that sublime abode:
An offering and a sacrifice,
A Holy Spirit's energies,
An Advocate with God.

These, these prepare us for the sight
Of holiness above;
The sons of ignorance and night
May dwell in the eternal light,
Through the eternal Love!

40 LET THE EARTH RESOUND

Let the earth resound with songs of praise to the Father's pow'r and love,
For the One who set each star in place chose to set His heart on us;
To the One whose might gives victory, yet whose mercies never cease,
As the tapestry of history tells the story of His grace.

Chorus:
King Immortal, Faithful God, crowned with splendor, rich in love!
Let the heavens and the earth resound with songs of praise to You.

Let the earth be stilled before the sight of a Father's sacrifice,
That revealed the depths of love divine in the face of Jesus Christ,
Through a life of full obedience and a death in agony,
He removed the rebel's punishment, and He set the pris'ner free.

Let the earth resound with songs of faith at the wonder yet to come,
When all sin and pain are put to death, and the church and Christ are one;
When we stand as God's great family and we meet the Father's gaze,
And we share in His eternal joy as we join in ceaseless praise.

42 OUR GREAT GOD

Eternal God, unchanging, mysterious and unknown;
Your boundless love, unfailing, in grace and mercy shown.
Bright seraphim in ceaseless flight around Your glorious throne;
They raise their voices day and night in praise to You alone!

Lord, we are weak and frail, and helpless in the storm;
Surround us with Your angels, and hold us in Your arms.
Our cold and ruthless enemy, his pleasure is our harm;
Rise up, O Lord, and he will flee before our sov'reign God.

Let ev'ry creature in the sea and ev'ry flying bird,
Let ev'ry mountain, ev'ry field, and valley of the earth,
Let all the moons and all the stars in all the universe
Sing praises to the living God who rules them by His Word.

44 COME PRAISE AND GLORIFY

Come, praise and glorify our God, the Father of our Lord.
In Christ, He has in heav'nly realms His blessings on us poured.
For pure and blameless in His sight He destined us to be,
And now we've been adopted through His Son eternally.

Chorus:
To the praise of Your glory, to the praise of Your mercy and grace,
To the praise of Your glory, You are the God who saves!

Come, praise and glorify our God, who gives His grace in Christ.
In Him our sins are washed away, redeemed through sacrifice.
In Him God has made known to us the myst'ry of His will,
That Christ should be the head of all, His purpose to fulfill.

Come, praise and glorify our God, for we've believed the Word.
And through our faith we have a seal, the Spirit of the Lord.
The Spirit guarantees our hope until redemption's done,
Until we join in endless praise to God, the Three in One.

47 TELL OUT, MY SOUL

Tell out, my soul, the greatness of the Lord!
Unnumbered blessings give my spirit voice;
Tender to me the promise of His Word;
In God my Savior shall my heart rejoice.

Tell out, my soul, the greatness of His Name!
Make known His might, the deeds His arm has done;
His mercy sure, from age to age the same;
His holy Name, the Lord, the Mighty One.

Tell out, my soul, the greatness of His might!
Pow'rs and dominions lay their glory by;
Proud hearts and stubborn wills are put to flight,
The hungry fed, the humble lifted high.

Tell out, my soul, the glories of His Word!
Firm is His promise, and His mercy sure.
Tell out, my soul, the greatness of the Lord
To children's children and forevermore!

48 HOLY, HOLY, HOLY

Holy, holy, holy! Lord God Almighty!
Early in the morning our song shall rise to Thee;
Holy, holy, holy! Merciful and mighty!
God in three Persons, blessed Trinity!

Holy, holy, holy! all the saints adore Thee,
Casting down their golden crowns around the glassy sea;
Cherubim and seraphim falling down before Thee,
Who were and art, and evermore shalt be.

Holy, holy, holy! though the darkness hide Thee,
Though the eye of sinful man Thy glory may not see;
Only Thou art holy; there is none beside Thee,
Perfect in power, in love and purity.

Holy, holy, holy! Lord God Almighty!
All Thy works shall praise Thy name, in earth, and sky, and sea;
Holy, holy, holy! merciful and mighty!
God in three Persons, blessed Trinity!

50 ADORATION

Worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness!
Bow down before Him, His glory proclaim;
With gold of obedience and incense of lowliness,
Kneel and adore Him: the Lord is His name!

Fear not to enter His presence in poverty,
Bearing no gifts to present as your own.
Truth in its beauty and love in its purity -
These are the offerings to lay at His throne.

51 THE SECRET PLACE

Who dwells within His most secret place
Is never far from His blessed grace.
'Neath His great shadow all will be well;
No better place now for us to dwell.

Refrain:
The secret place of God most high,
The shadow of our mighty King,
The dwelling place where angels cry
Is where our praise will forever ring.

Fear not the terror that comes at night
Nor flaming arrows by morning light.
His truth is always our sword and shield;
Against His pow'r all foes must yield.

A thousand fall now at ev'ry side;
Ten thousand more may have yet to die.
Yet plague and sword can ne'er kill the soul;
His angels guard us now safe and whole.

Refuge and fortress for all who trust.
No safer pasture for men of dust
'Neath wings and feathers of Holy Lord;
No greater comfort can He afford.

52 DEAR REFUGE OF MY WEARY SOUL

Dear refuge of my weary soul,
On Thee, when sorrows rise,
On Thee, when waves of trouble roll,
My fainting hope relies.
To Thee I tell each rising grief,
For Thou alone canst heal;
Thy Word can bring a sweet relief
For ev'ry pain I feel.

But oh! when gloomy doubts prevail,
I fear to call Thee mine;
The springs of comfort seem to fail
And all my hopes decline.
Yet, gracious God, where shall I flee?
Thou art my only trust;
And still my soul would cleave to Thee
Though prostrate in the dust.

Hast Thou not bid me seek Thy face,
And shall I seek in vain?
And can the ear of sov'reign grace
Be deaf when I complain?
No, still the ear of sov'reign grace
Attends the mourner's prayer;
Oh, may I ever find access
To breathe my sorrows there.

Thy mercy seat is open still,
Here let my soul retreat,
With humble hope attend Thy will,
And wait beneath Thy feet.
Thy mercy seat is open still,
Here let my soul retreat,
With humble hope attend Thy will,
And wait beneath Thy feet.

53 A MIGHTY FORTRESS IS OUR GOD

A mighty fortress is our God,
A bulwark never failing;
Our helper He, amid the flood
Of mortal ills prevailing.
For still our ancient foe
Doth seek to work us woe;
His craft and power are great,
And, armed with cruel hate,
On earth is not his equal.

Did we in our own strength confide,
Our striving would be losing;
Were not the right Man on our side,
The Man of God's own choosing.
Dost ask who that may be?
Christ Jesus, it is He;
Lord Sabaoth His name,
From age to age the same,
And He must win the battle.

And though this world, with devils filled,
Should threaten to undo us,
We will not fear, for God has willed
His truth to triumph through us.
The Prince of Darkness grim,
We tremble not for him;
His rage we can endure,
For lo, his doom is sure:
One little word shall fell him.

That word above all earthly powers,
No thanks to them, abideth;
The Spirit and the gifts are ours
Through Him who with us sideth.
Let goods and kindred go,
This mortal life also;
The body they may kill:
God's truth abideth still;
His kingdom is forever.

54 MY LORD, I DID NOT CHOOSE YOU

My Lord, I did not choose You,
For that could never be;
My heart would still refuse You,
Had You not chosen me.
You took the sin that stained me,
You cleansed me made me new;
Of old You have ordained me,
That I should live in You.

Unless Your grace had called me
And taught my op'ning mind,
The world would have enthralled me,
To heav'nly glories blind.
My heart knows none above You;
For Your rich grace I thirst.
I know that if I love You,
You must have loved me first.

55 O GOD, OUR HELP IN AGES PAST

O God, our help in ages past,
Our hope for years to come,
Our shelter from the stormy blast,
And our eternal home!

Under the shadow of Thy throne
Thy saints have dwelt secure;
Sufficient is Thine arm alone,
And our defense is sure.

Before the hills in order stood,
Or earth received her frame,
From everlasting Thou art God,
To endless years the same.

A thousand ages in Thy sight
Are like an evening gone;
Short as the watch that ends the night
Before the rising sun.

Time, like an ever-rolling stream,
Bears all its sons away;
They fly, forgotten, as a dream
Dies at the op'ning day.

O God, our help in ages past,
Our hope for years to come,
Be Thou our guide while life shall last,
And our eternal home!

57 GOD LEADS US ALONG

In shady, green pastures, so rich and so sweet,
God leads His dear children along;
Where the water's cool flow bathes the weary one's feet,
God leads His dear children along.

Chorus:
Some through the waters, some through the flood,
Some through the fire, but all through the blood;
Some through great sorrow, but God gives a song
In the night season and all the day long.

Sometimes on the mount where the sun shines so bright,
God leads His dear children along;
Sometimes in the valley, in darkest of night,
God leads His dear children along.

Though sorrows befall us and Satan oppose,
God leads His dear children along;
Through grace we can conquer, defeat all our foes,
God leads His dear children along.

58 HE LEADETH ME! O BLESSED THOUGHT

He leadeth me! O blessed tho't!
O words with heav'nly comfort fraught!
Whate'er I do, wher-e'er I be,
Still 'tis God's hand that leadeth me!

Refrain:
He leadeth me, He leadeth me,
By His own hand He leadeth me:
His faithful foll'wer I would be,
For by His hand He leadeth me.

Sometimes 'mid scenes of deepest gloom,
Sometimes where Eden's flow'rs bloom,
By waters still, o'er troubled sea,
Still 'tis His hand that leadeth me!

Lord, I would clasp Thy hand in mine,
Nor ever murmur nor repine,
Content, whatever lot I see,
Since 'tis Thy hand that leadeth me!

And when my task on earth is done,
When, by Thy grace, the vict'ry's won,
E'en death's cold wave I will not flee,
Since God thro' Jordan leadeth me!

59 ABIDE WITH ME

Abide with me! Fast falls the eventide.
The darkness deepens; Lord, with me abide!
When other helpers fail and comforts flee,
Help of the helpless, oh, abide with me!

Swift to its close ebbs out life's little day.
Earth's joys grow dim; its glories pass away.
Change and decay in all around I see.
O Thou who changest not, abide with me!

I need Thy presence ev'ry passing hour.
What but Thy grace can foil the tempter's pow'r?
Who, like Thyself, my guide and stay can be?
Through cloud and sunshine, oh, abide with me!

I fear no foe, with Thee at hand to bless:
Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness.
Where is death's sting? Where, grave, thy victory?
I triumph still, if Thou abide with me!

Hold Thou Thy cross before my closing eyes;
Shine through the gloom, and point me to the skies;
Heav'n's morning breaks, and earth's vain shadows flee;
In life, in death, O Lord, abide with me!

60 BE STILL, MY SOUL

Be still, my soul! the Lord is on your side;
Bear patiently the cross of grief or pain;
Leave to your God to order and provide;
In every change He faithful will remain.
Be still, my soul! your heav'nly Friend
Through thorny ways leads to a joyful end.

Be still, my soul! your God doth undertake
To guide the future as He has the past.
Your hope, your confidence let nothing shake;
All now mysterious shall be bright at last.
Be still, my soul! the waves and winds still know
His voice who ruled them while He dwelt below.

Be still, my soul! the hour is hastening on
When we shall be forever with the Lord,
When disappointment, grief, and fear are gone,
Sorrow forgot, love's purest joys restored.
Be still, my soul! when change and tears are past,
All safe and blessed we shall meet at last.

61 GUIDE ME, O THOU GREAT JEHOVAH

Guide me, O Thou great Jehovah,
Pilgrim through this barren land;
I am weak, but Thou art mighty;
Hold me with Thy pow'rful hand:
Bread of heaven, Bread of heaven,
Feed me till I want no more,
Feed me till I want no more.

Open now the crystal fountain,
Whence the healing stream doth flow;
Let the fire and cloudy pillar
Lead me all my journey through:
Strong Deliv'rer, strong Deliv'rer,
Be Thou still my strength and shield,
Be Thou still my strength and shield.

When I tread the verge of Jordan,
Bid my anxious fears subside;
Bear me through the swelling current,
Land me safe on Canaan's side:
Songs of praises, songs of praises,
I will ever give to Thee,
I will ever give to Thee.

63 I ASKED THE LORD THAT I MIGHT GROW

I asked the Lord that I might grow
In faith and love and ev'ry grace,
Might more of His salvation know
And seek more earnestly His face.

'Twas He who taught me thus to pray,
And He, I trust, has answered prayer;
But it has been in such a way
As almost drove me to despair.

I hoped that in some favored hour
At once He'd answer my request,
And by His love's constraining pow'r
Subdue my sins and give me rest.

Instead of this He made me feel
The hidden evils of my heart,
And let the angry pow'rs of hell
Assault my soul in ev'ry part.

Yea more, with His own hand He seemed
Intent to aggravate my woe,
Crossed all the fair designs I schemed,
Humbled my heart, and laid me low.

"Lord, why is this," I, trembling, cried;
"Wilt Thou pursue Thy worm to death?"
"'Tis in this way," the Lord replied,
"I answer prayer for grace and faith."

"These inward trials I employ
From self and pride to set you free,
And break thy schemes of earthly joy,
That thou may'st find your all in Me."

64 LIKE A RIVER GLORIOUS

Like a river glorious
Is God's perfect peace,
Over all victorious
In its bright increase;
Perfect, yet it floweth
Fuller ev'ry day,
Perfect, yet it groweth
Deeper all the way.

Refrain:
Stayed upon Jehovah,
Hearts are fully blest;
Finding, as He promised,
Perfect peace and rest.

Hidden in the hollow
Of His blessed hand,
Never foe can follow,
Never traitor stand;
Not a surge of worry,
Not a shade of care,
Not a blast of hurry
Touch the spirit there.

Ev'ry joy or trial
Falleth from above,
Traced upon our dial
By the Sun of Love;
We may trust Him fully
All for us to do;
They who trust Him wholly
Find Him wholly true.

66 WHATE'ER MY GOD ORDAINS IS RIGHT

What-e'er my God ordains is right:
His holy will abideth.
I will be still whate'er He doth,
And follow where He guideth.
He is my God, though dark my road.
He holds me that I shall not fall:
And so to Him, I leave it all.

What-e'er my God ordains is right:
He never will deceive me.
He leads me by the proper path;
I know He will not leave me.
I take, content, what He hath sent.
His hand can turn my griefs away,
And patiently I wait His day.

What-e'er my God ordains is right,
though now this cup I'm drinking
May bitter seem to my faint heart,
I take it all unshrinking.
My God is true each morn anew.
Sweet comfort yet shall fill my heart,
And pain and sorrow shall depart.

What-e'er my God ordains is right.
Here shall my stand be taken.
Though sorrow, need, or death be mine,
yet I am not forsaken.
My Father's care is 'round me there.
He holds me that I shall not fall,
And so to Him, I leave it all.

67 STILL, MY SOUL, BE STILL

Still, my soul, be still,
And do not fear
Though winds of change may rage tomorrow.
God is at your side;
No longer dread
The fires of unexpected sorrow.

God, You are my God,
And I will trust in You and not be shaken.
Lord of peace, renew
A steadfast spirit within me
To rest in You alone.

Still, my soul, be still,
Do not be moved
By lesser lights and fleeting shadows.
Hold onto His ways,
With shield of faith
Against temptations flaming arrows.

Still, my soul, be still,
Do not forsake
The Truth you learned in the beginning.
Wait upon the Lord,
And hope will rise
As stars appear when day is dimming.

68 WHEN ALL THY MERCIES, O MY GOD

When all Thy mercies, O my God,
My rising soul surveys,
Transported with the view, I'm lost
In wonder, love and praise.

To all my weak complaints and cries
Thy mercy lent an ear,
Ere yet my feeble tho'ts had learned
To form themselves in prayer.

Unnumbered comforts to my soul
Thy tender care bestowed,
Before my infant heart could know
From whom those comforts flowed.

Through hidden dangers, toils, and death,
It gently cleared my way;
And through the pleasing snares of vice,
More to be feared than they.

Ten thousand thousand precious gifts
My daily thanks employ;
Nor is the least a cheerful heart
That tastes those gifts with joy.

Through all eternity to Thee
A joyful song I'll raise;
For, oh, eternity's too short
To utter all Thy praise.

69 DAY BY DAY

Day by day and with each passing moment,
Strength I find to meet my trials here;
Trusting in my Father's wise bestowment,
I've no cause for worry or for fear.
He whose heart is kind beyond all measure
Gives unto each day what He deems best -
Lovingly, its part of pain and pleasure,
Mingling toil with peace and rest.

Ev'ry day the Lord Himself is near me,
With a special mercy for each hour;
All my cares He fain would bear, and cheer me,
He whose name is Counselor and Pow'r.
The protection of His child and treasure
Is a charge that on Himself He laid;
"As thy days, thy strength shall be in measure,"
This the pledge to me He made.

Help me then in ev'ry tribulation
So to trust Thy promises, O Lord,
That I lose not faith's sweet consolation
Offered me within Thy holy Word.
Help me, Lord, when toil and trouble meeting,
E'er to take, as from a father's hand,
One by one, the days, the moments fleeting,
Till I reach the promised land.

71 TAKE THOU MY HAND, O FATHER

Take Thou my hand, O Father,
And lead Thou me,
Until my journey endeth,
Eternally.
Alone I will not wander
One single day;
Be Thou my true Companion
And with me stay.

O cover with Thy mercy
My poor, weak heart!
Let ev'ry thought rebellious
From me depart.
Permit Thy child to linger
Here at Thy feet,
And blindly trust Thy goodness
With faith complete.

Tho' naught of Thy great power
May move my soul,
With Thee thru night and darkness
I reach the goal.
Take, then, my hands, O Father,
And lead Thou me,
Until my journey endeth
Eternally.

73 O LORD, THY TOUCH HATH STIRRED MY SOUL

O Lord, Thy touch hath stirred my soul
and caused my heart to love;
My quickened mind hath been made whole
to seek those things above.

There is a path of thought so true
that brings me to Thy throne,
And there my heart may mercy sue
and claim Thy grace my own.

Eye hath not seen, nor ear hath heard
those things that Thou hast there:
For ev'ry promise of Thy Word
awaits my soul to dare.

Oh, why should I let sorrow reign,
when such a God is mine,
Who gives to me and gives again,
and tells me, "Mine is thine."

The riches He hath stored for me
no measurement can tell;
For in the love of Calvary
all with my God is well.

75 O LOVE THAT WILL NOT LET ME GO

O Love that will not let me go,
I rest my weary soul in Thee;
I give Thee back the life I owe,
That in Thine ocean depths its flow
May richer, fuller be.

O Light that fol'west all my way,
I yield my flick'ring torch to Thee;
My heart restores its borrowed ray,
That in Thy sunshine's glow its day
May brighter, fairer be.

O Joy that seekest me through pain,
I cannot close my heart to Thee;
I trace the rainbow through the rain,
And feel the promise is not vain
That morn shall tearless be.

O cross that liftest up my head,
I dare not ask to hide from thee;
I lay in dust life's glory dead,
And from the ground there blossoms red
Life that shall endless be.

76 LORD WITH GLOWING HEART I'D PRAISE THEE

Lord, with glowing heart I'd praise Thee for the bliss Your love bestows,
For the pard'ning grace that saves me, and the peace that from it flows.
Help, O God, my weak endeavor; this dull soul to rapture raise:
You must light the flame, or never can my love be warmed to praise.

Praise, my soul, the God that sought you, wretched wand'rer far astray;
Found you lost, and kindly brought you from the paths of death away.
Praise, with love's devoutest feeling, Him who saw your guilt-born fear,
And, the light of hope revealing, bade the blood-stained cross appear.

Praise the Savior God that drew you to that cross, new life to give,
Held a blood-sealed pardon to you, bade thee look to Him and live.
Praise the grace whose threats alarmed you, roused you from your fatal ease;
Praise the grace whose promise warmed you, praise the grace that whispered peace.

Lord, this bosom's ardent feeling vainly would my lips express:
Low before Your footstool kneeling, deign Your suppl'ant's prayer to bless.
Let Your love, my soul's chief treasure, love's pure flame within me raise;
And, since words can never measure, let my life show forth Your praise.

77 GOD OF GRACE

God of grace, amazing wonder,
Irresistible and free;
Oh, the miracle of mercy,
Jesus reaches down to me.
God of grace, I stand in wonder,
As my God restores my soul.
His own blood has paid my ransom,
Awesome cost to make me whole.

God of grace, who loved and knew me
Long before the world began,
Sent my Savior down from Heaven,
Perfect God and perfect man.
God of grace, I trust in Jesus;
I'm accepted as His own.
Ev'ry day His grace sustains me,
As I lean on Him alone.

God of grace, I stand astounded,
Cleansed, forgiven and secure;
All my fears are now confounded,
And my hope is ever sure.
God of grace, now crowned in glory,
Where one day I'll see Your face;
And forever I'll adore You
In Your everlasting grace.

78 GRACE GREATER THAN OUR SIN

Marvelous grace of our loving Lord,
Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt,
Yonder on Calvary's mount outpoured,
There where the blood of the Lamb was spilt.

Chorus:
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that will pardon and cleanse within;
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that is greater than all our sin.

Sin and despair, like the sea-waves cold,
Threaten the soul with infinite loss;
Grace that is greater, yes, grace untold,
Points to the refuge, the mighty cross.

Dark is the stain that we cannot hide,
What can avail to wash it away?
Look, there is flowing a crimson tide,
Whiter than snow you may be today.

Marvelous, infinite, matchless grace,
Freely bestowed on all who believe;
You that are longing to see His face,
Will you this moment His grace receive?

79 WHEN TRIALS COME

When trials come, no longer fear,
For in the pain, our God draws near
To fire a faith worth more than gold;
And there His faithfulness is told,
And there His faithfulness is told.

Within the night I know Your peace;
The breath of God brings strength to me;
And new each morning mercies flow,
As treasures of the darkness grow,
As treasures of the darkness grow.

I turn to wisdom not my own,
For ev'ry battle You have known.
My confidence will rest in You,
Your love endures, Your ways are good,
Your love endures, Your ways are good.

When I am weary with the cost,
I see the triumph of the cross.
So in its shadow I shall run,
'Til He completes the work begun,
'Til He completes the work begun.

One day all things will be made new;
I'll see the hope You've called me to;
And in Your kingdom paved with gold,
I'll praise Your faithfulness of old,
I'll praise Your faithfulness of old.

80 HOW DEEP THE FATHER'S LOVE FOR US

How deep the Father's love for us,
How vast beyond all measure,
That He should give His only Son
To make a wretch His treasure.
How great the pain of searing loss –
The Father turns His face away,
As wounds which mar the Chosen One
Bring many sons to glory.

Behold the man upon a cross,
My sin upon His shoulders;
Ashamed, I hear my mocking voice
Call out among the scoffers.
It was my sin that held Him there
Until it was accomplished;
His dying breath has brought me life –
I know that it is finished.

I will not boast in anything,
No gifts, no power, no wisdom;
But I will boast in Jesus Christ,
His death and resurrection.
Why should I gain from His reward?
I cannot give an answer;
But this I know with all my heart –
His wounds have paid my ransom.

81 I AM HIS, AND HE IS MINE

Loved with everlasting love,
Led by grace that love to know;
Gracious Spirit from above,
Thou hast taught me it is so!
Oh, this full and perfect peace!
Oh, this transport all divine!
In a love which cannot cease,
I am His, and He is mine.

Heav'n above is softer blue,
Earth around is sweeter green!
Something lives in ev'ry hue
Christless eyes have never seen:
Birds with gladder songs o'erflow,
Flowers with deeper beauties shine,
Since I know, as now I know,
I am His, and He is mine.

Taste the goodness of the Lord:
Welcomed home to His embrace,
All His love as blood outpoured
Seals the pardon of His grace.
Can I doubt His love for me,
When I trace that love's design?
By the cross of Calvary
I am His, and He is mine.

His forever, only His;
Who the Lord and me shall part?
Ah, with what a rest of bliss
Christ can fill the loving heart!
Heav'n and earth may fade and flee,
Firstborn light in gloom decline;
But while God and I shall be,
I am His, and He is mine.

83 BY GRACE ALONE

Out of the depths I cry to You.
Lord, hear my voice of pleading;
Bend down Your gracious ear, I pray,
Your humble servant heeding.
If You remember each misdeed,
who can remain before You?
Only by grace, by grace alone.

Your pardon is a gift of love,
Your grace alone must save us.
Our works will not remove our guilt;
the strictest life would fail us.
Let none in deeds or merits boast,
but let us own the Holy Ghost,
for He alone can change us:
Only by grace, by grace alone.

Tho' great our sins and sore our woes,
His grace much more aboundeth.
His helping love no limit knows;
our utmost need it soundeth.
Our kind and faithful Shepherd He,
who will set all His people free
From all their sin and sorrow:
Only by grace, by grace alone.

84 MERCIES ANEW

Ev'ry morning that breaks there are mercies anew,
Ev'ry breath that I take is Your faithfulness proved;
And at the end of each day, when my labors are through,
I will sing of Your mercies anew.

When I've fallen and strayed, there were mercies anew;
For You sought me in love and my heart You pursued.
In the face of my sin, Lord, You never withdrew.
So I sing of Your mercies anew.

When storms swirl and rage, there are mercies anew.
In affliction and pain, You will carry me through;
And at the end of my days, when Your throne fills my view,
I will sing of Your mercies anew.

And Your mercies, they will never end;
for ten thousand years they remain.
And when this world's beauty has passed away,
Your mercies will be unchanged.

85 MY SONG FOREVER SHALL RECORD

My song forever shall record
The tender mercies of the Lord;
Your faithfulness will I proclaim,
And ev'ry age shall know Your name.

I sing of mercies that endure,
Forever builded firm and sure,
Of faithfulness that never dies,
Established changeless in the skies.

Almighty God, Your lofty throne
Has justice for its corner-stone,
And shining bright before Your face
Are truth and love and boundless grace.

With blessing is the nation crowned
Whose people know the joyful sound;
They in the light, O Lord, shall live,
The light Your face and favor give.

All glory unto God we yield,
Who is our constant help and shield;
All praise and honor we will bring
To You, the Holy One, our King.

86 GREAT IS THY FAITHFULNESS

Great is Thy faithfulness, O God my Father;
There is no shadow of turning with Thee;
Thou changest not, Thy compassions, they fail not;
As Thou hast been, Thou forever wilt be.

Refrain:
Great is Thy faithfulness! Great is Thy faithfulness!
Morning by morning new mercies I see;
All I have needed Thy hand hath provided;
Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me!

Summer and winter, and springtime and harvest,
Sun, moon and stars in their courses above,
Join with all nature in manifold witness
To Thy great faithfulness, mercy and love.

Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth,
Thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide;
Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow,
Blessings all mine, with ten thousand beside!

87 LOVE OF GOD

Love of God, revealed in wonder by the works of a Maker's hand;
Seas that roar with thund'rous splendor, fields that whisper at His command.
All the joys of life we cherish are God's gracious sign:
We are children of His promise, heirs of mercy and grace divine.

Love of God, revealed in frailty through the gift of a servant King;
Sov'reign pow'r robed in humility, perfect grace crowned with suff'ring.
Oh, what love, that calls humanity to kneel at the cross
And exchange our sin's futility for the joy of a Father's love.

Love of God, what priceless treasure over all this world affords:
To be His and His forever, this my glory and my reward!
May this love, beyond all knowing, so capture my soul
That I'm filled to overflowing with a passion for Him alone!
Unfailing love from Heaven's throne, that sought me out and brought me home.
My song of praise will ever be: The Father's love for me.

88 GOD MOVES IN A MYSTERIOUS WAY

God moves in a mysterious way!
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea
And rides upon the storm.

Chorus:
God of mercy! God of grace!
Give us eyes to see!
Eyes to see Your smiling face
Within the mystery, within the mystery!

Deep in unfathomable mines
Of never failing skill,
He treasures up His bright designs
And works His sov'reign will.

Ye fearful saints, fresh courage take!
The clouds ye so much dread
Are big with mercy and shall break
In blessings on your head.

Judge not the Lord by feeble sense,
But trust Him for His grace;
Behind a frowning providence
He hides a smiling face.

His purposes will ripen fast,
Unfolding ev'ry hour;
The bud may have a bitter taste,
But sweet will be the flow'r.

Blind unbelief is sure to err
And scan His work in vain;
God is His own interpreter,
And He will make it plain.

89 AMAZING GRACE! HOW SWEET THE SOUND

Amazing grace! how sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me!
I once was lost but now am found,
Was blind, but now I see.

'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved;
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed!

Through many dangers, toils and snares
I have already come;
'Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far,
And grace will lead me home.

The Lord has promised good to me,
His word my hope secures;
He will my shield and portion be
As long as life endures.

When we've been there ten thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
We've no less days to sing God's praise
Than when we first begun.

91 THE LOVE OF GOD

The love of God is greater far
Than tongue or pen can ever tell;
It goes beyond the highest star,
And reaches to the lowest hell;
The guilty pair, bowed down with care,
God gave His Son to win;
His erring child He reconciled,
And pardoned from his sin.

When years of time shall pass away
And earthly thrones and kingdoms fall,
When men who here refuse to pray,
On rocks and hills and mountains call,
God's love so sure shall still endure,
All measureless and strong;
Redeeming grace to Adam's race -
The saints' and angels' song.

Could we with ink the ocean fill,
And were the skies of parchment made,
Were ev'ry stalk on earth a quill,
And ev'ry man a scribe by trade;
To write the love of God above
Would drain the ocean dry;
Nor could the scroll contain the whole,
Tho' stretched from sky to sky.

92 GOD OF GRACE AND GOD OF GLORY

God of grace and God of glory,
On Thy people pour Thy power;
Crown Thine ancient church's story;
Bring her bud to glorious flower.
Grant us wisdom, grant us courage,
For the facing of this hour,
For the facing of this hour.

Lo! the hosts of evil round us
Scorn Thy Christ, assail His ways!
Fears and doubts too long have bound us,
Free our hearts to work and praise.
Grant us wisdom, grant us courage,
For the living of these days,
For the living of these days.

Cure Thy children's warring madness,
Bend our pride to Thy control;
Shame our wanton, selfish gladness,
Rich in things and poor in soul.
Grant us wisdom, grant us courage,
Lest we miss Thy kingdom's goal,
Lest we miss Thy kingdom's goal.

Set our feet on lofty places;
Gird our lives that they may be
Armored with all Christ-like graces
In the fight to set men free.
Grant us wisdom, grant us courage,
That we fail not man nor Thee,
That we fail not man nor Thee!

94 PRAISE HIM! PRAISE HIM!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Sing, O earth, His wonderful love proclaim!
Hail Him! Hail Him! highest archangels in glory;
Strength and honor give to His holy name!
Like a shepherd, Jesus will guard His children;
In His arms He carries them all day long:

Praise Him! Praise Him! tell of His excellent greatness!
Praise Him! Praise Him! ever in joyful song!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
For our sins He suffered and bled and died;
He our Rock, our hope of eternal salvation,
Hail Him! Hail Him! Jesus the crucified.
Sound His praises! Jesus who bore our sorrows,
Love unbounded, wonderful, deep, and strong!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Heav'nly portals loud with hosannas ring!
Jesus, Savior, reigneth forever and ever;
Crown Him! Crown Him! Prophet and Priest and King!
Christ is coming, over the world victorious;
Power and glory unto the Lord belong!

96 WHEN MORNING GILDS THE SKIES

When morning gilds the skies,
My heart awaking cries:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
Alike at work and prayer
To Jesus I repair:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

Does sadness fill my mind?
A solace here I find:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
Or fades my earthly bliss?
My comfort still is this:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

The night becomes as day,
When from the heart we say:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
The pow'rs of darkness fear,
When this sweet chant they hear:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

Ye nations of mankind,
In this your concord find:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
Let all the earth around
Ring joyous with the sound:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

Sing, suns and stars of space,
Sing, ye that see His face,
May Jesus Christ be praised!
God's whole creation o'er,
For aye and evermore
Shall Jesus Christ be praised!

Be this, while life is mine,
My canticle divine:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
Be this th'eternal song
Through all the ages long:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

97 WE WILL GLORIFY

We will glorify the King of kings;
We will glorify the Lamb.
We will glorify the Lord of lords,
Who is the great I AM.

Lord Jehovah reigns in majesty;
We will bow before His throne.
We will worship Him in righteousness;
We will worship Him alone.

He is Lord of heaven, Lord of earth;
He is Lord of all who live.
He is Lord above the universe;
All praise to Him we give.

Hallelujah to the King of kings;
Hallelujah to the Lamb.
Hallelujah to the Lord of lords,
Who is the great I AM.

98 MY WORTH IS NOT IN WHAT I OWN

My worth is not in what I own,
Not in the strength of flesh and bone,
But in the costly wounds of love at the cross.

My worth is not in skill or name,
In win or lose, in pride or shame,
But in the blood of Christ that flowed at the cross.

Chorus:
I rejoice in my Redeemer,
Greatest Treasure, Well-Spring of my Soul.
I will trust in Him, no other;
My soul is satisfied in Him alone.

As summer flow'rs we fade and die;
Fame, youth and beauty hurry by,
But life eternal calls to us at the cross.

I will not boast in wealth or might,
Or human wisdom's fleeting light,
But I will boast in knowing Christ at the cross.

Two wonders here that I confess:
My worth and my unworthiness,
My value fixed, my ransom paid at the cross.

100 O GOD, MY JOY

O God, my joy, You reign above
in radiant splendor and beauty.
Your Word has drawn my heart to love
the awesome sight of Your glory.
Your blazing light and gospel grace
shine brightly from my Savior's face.
No other wonder would I see
than Christ enthroned in His glory!

Sustained by joy in trial and pain,
I trust Your wisdom and mercy.
Thru suff'ring that Your love ordains,
more like Your Son You will make me.
For Christ embraced the cross of shame,
beholding glorious joys to come.
O give me faith like His to see
that suff'ring lifts me to glory!

Compelled by joy, I fight the sin
that turns my gaze from Your glory.
Your Holy Spirit dwells within;
His presence arms me for vict'ry.
Let death and Hell against me rise;
through death I'll gain eternal joys.
All pow'rs of Hell will bend the knee
before my great King of Glory!

101 MY HEART IS FULL OF CHRIST

My heart is full of Christ, and longs
Its glorious matter to declare!
Of Him I make my loftier songs,
I cannot from His praise forbear;
My ready tongue makes haste to sing
The glories of my heav'nly King.

Fairer than all the earth-born race,
Perfect in comeliness Thou art;
Replenished are Thy lips with grace,
And full of love Thy tender heart:
God ever blest! we bow the knee,
And own all fullness dwells in Thee.

Gird on Thy thigh the Spirit's sword,
And take to Thee Thy pow'r divine;
Stir up Thy strength, almighty Lord,
All pow'r and majesty are Thine:
Assert Thy worship and renown;
O all-redeeming God, come down!

Come, and maintain Thy righteous cause,
And let Thy glorious toil succeed;
O spread the vict'ry of Thy cross,
Ride on, and prosper in Thy deed!
Thru earth triumphantly ride on,
And reign in ev'ry heart alone.

102 JESUS IS LORD

"Jesus is Lord" - the cry that echoes through creation:
Resplendent pow'r, eternal Word, our Rock.
The Son of God, the King whose glory fills the heavens,
Yet bids us come to taste this Living Bread.

"Jesus is Lord" - whose voice sustains the stars and planets,
Yet in His wisdom laid aside His crown.
Jesus the Man, who washed our feet, who bore our suff'ring,
Became a curse to bring salvation's plan.

"Jesus is Lord" - the tomb is gloriously empty!
Not even death could crush this King of Love!
The price is paid, the chains are loosed, and we're forgiven,
And we can run into the arms of God.

"Jesus is Lord" - a shout of joy, a cry of anguish,
As He returns and ev'ry knee bows low.
Then ev'ry eye and ev'ry heart will see His glory,
The Judge of all will take His children home.

103 I GREET THEE, WHO MY SURE REDEEMER ART

I greet Thee, who my sure Redeemer art,
My only trust and Savior of my heart,
Who pain didst undergo for my poor sake;
I pray Thee from our hearts all cares to take.

Thou art the King of mercy and of grace,
Reigning omnipotent in ev'ry place;
So come, O King, and our whole being sway;
Shine on us with the light of Thy pure day.

Thou art the life, by which alone we live,
And all our substance and our strength receive;
Sustain us by Thy faith and by Thy pow'r,
And give us strength in ev'ry trying hour.

Thou hast the true and perfect gentleness,
No harshness hast Thou and no bitterness;
O grant to us the grace we find in Thee,
That we may dwell in perfect unity.

Our hope is in no other save in Thee;
Our faith is built upon Thy promise free;
O Lord, give us that peace and make us calm,
And give us joy that comes with vict'ry's palm.

104 COME, THOU FOUNT OF EVERY BLESSING

Come, Thou Fount of ev'ry blessing,
Tune my heart to sing Thy grace;
Streams of mercy, never ceasing,
Call for songs of loudest praise.
Teach me some melodious sonnet,
Sung by flaming tongues above;
Praise the mount! I'm fixed upon it,
Mount of Thy redeeming love.

Hither to Thy love has blest me;
Thou hast brought me to this place;
And I know Thy hand will bring me
Safely home by Thy good grace.
Jesus sought me when a stranger,
Wand'ring from the fold of God;
He, to rescue me from danger,
Bought me with His precious blood.

O to grace how great a debtor
Daily I'm constrained to be!
Let Thy goodness like a fetter
Bind my wand'ring heart to Thee.
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it,
Prone to leave the God I love;
Here's my heart, O take and seal it,
Seal it for Thy courts above.

O that day when freed from sinning,
I shall see Thy lovely face;
Clothed then in the blood-washed linen
How I'll sing Thy sov'reign grace;
Come, my Lord, no longer tarry,
Take my ransomed soul away;
Send Thine angels now to carry
Me to realms of endless day.

105 MY SAVIOR'S LOVE

I stand amazed in the presence
Of Jesus, the Nazarene,
And wonder how He could love me,
A sinner, condemned, unclean.

Chorus:
How marvelous! How wonderful!
And my song shall ever be:
How marvelous! How wonderful
Is my Savior's love for me!

For me it was in the garden
He prayed, "Not My will, but Thine."
He had no tears for His own griefs,
But sweat-drops of blood for mine.

In pity angels beheld Him,
And came from the world of light
To comfort Him in the sorrows
He bore for my soul that night.

He took my sins and my sorrows,
He made them His very own;
He bore the burden to Calv'ry,
And suffered and died alone.

When with the ransomed in glory
His face I at last shall see,
'Twill be my joy through the ages
To sing of His love for me.

106 LET US LOVE AND SING AND WONDER

Let us love and sing and wonder,
Let us praise the Savior's name!
He has hushed the law's loud thunder,
He has quenched Mount Sinai's flame.
He has washed us with His blood,
He has brought us nigh to God.

Let us love the Lord who bought us,
Pitied us when enemies,
Called us by His grace, and taught us,
Gave us ears and gave us eyes.
He has washed us with His blood,
He presents our souls to God.

Let us sing, though fierce temptations
Threaten hard to bear us down!
For the Lord, our strong salvation,
Holds in view the conqu'ror's crown:
He who washed us with His blood
Soon will bring us home to God.

Let us wonder! Grace and justice
Join and point to mercy's store;
When through grace in Christ our trust is,
Justice smiles and asks no more:
He who washed us with His blood
Has secured our way to God.

Let us praise, and join the chorus
Of the saints enthroned on high;
Here they trusted Him before us,
Now their praises fill the sky:
"You have washed us with Your blood,
You are worthy, Lamb of God!"

107 FAIREST LORD JESUS

Fairest Lord Jesus, Ruler of all nature,
O Thou of God and man the Son;
Thee will I cherish, Thee will I honor,
Thou my soul's glory, joy, and crown.

Fair are the meadows, Fairer still the woodlands,
Robed in the blooming garb of spring;
Jesus is fairer, Jesus is purer,
Who makes the woeful heart to sing.

Fair is the sunshine, Fairer still the moonlight,
And all the twinkling starry host;
Jesus shines brighter, Jesus shines purer
Than all the angels heav'n can boast.

Beautiful Savior, Lord of the nations,
Son of God and Son of Man!
Glory and honor, Praise, adoration,
Now and forevermore be Thine!

109 WHY SHOULD I SORROW MORE?

Why should I sorrow more?
I trust a Savior slain,
And safe beneath His shelt'ring cross
Unmoved I shall remain.

Let Satan and the world
Now rage or now allure;
The promises in Christ are made
Immutable and sure.

The oath infallible
Is now my spirit's trust;
I know that He who spoke the word
Is faithful, true and just.

He'll bring me on my way
Unto my journey's end;
He'll be my Father and my God,
My Savior and my friend.

So all my doubts and fears
Shall wholly flee away,
And ev'ry mournful night of tears
Be turned to joyous day.

All that remains for me
Is but to love and sing,
And wait until the angels come
To bear me to the King.

110 THINE IS THE GLORY

Thine is the glory,
Risen, conqu'ring Son;
Endless is the vict'ry
Thou o'er death hast won.
Angels in bright raiment
Rolled the stone away,
Kept the folded grave-clothes
Where Thy body lay.

Refrain:
Thine is the glory,
Risen, conqu'ring Son;
Endless is the vict'ry
Thou o'er death hast won.

Lo! Jesus meets us,
Risen from the tomb;
Lovingly He greets us,
Scatters fear and gloom.
Let His church with gladness
Hymns of triumph sing,
For her Lord now liveth;
Death hath lost its sting.

No more we doubt Thee,
Glorious Prince of life!
Life is naught without Thee;
Aid us in our strife.
Make us more than conqu'rors,
Thro' Thy deathless love:
Bring us safe thro' Jordan
To Thy home above.

111 WE COME, O CHRIST, TO YOU

We come, O Christ, to You,
True Son of God and man,
By Whom all things consist,
In Whom all life began:
In You alone we live and move,
And have our being in Your love.

You are the Way to God,
Your blood our ransom paid;
You we face our Judge
And Maker unafraid.
Before the throne absolved we stand,
Your love has met Your law's demand.

You are the living Truth!
All wisdom dwells in You,
The Source of ev'ry skill,
The One Eternal True!
In You we rest,
Sure answer to our ev'ry quest.

You only are true Life,
To know You is to live
The more abundant life
That earth can never give:
To You our youth and strength
Adoringly we bring,

We worship You, Lord Christ,
Our Savior and our King,
To You our hearts we bring,
To worship and adore,
So fill our hearts, that all may view
Your life in us, and turn to You!

112 COMPLETE IN THEE

Complete in Thee! No work of mine
May take, dear Lord, the place of Thine;
Thy blood hath pardon bought for me,
And I am now complete in Thee.

Chorus:
Yea, justified! O blessed thought!
And sanctified! Salvation wrought!
Thy blood hath pardon bought for me,
And glorified, I, too, shall be!

Complete in Thee! I die to sin.
Thy grace hath conquered, reign within,
Thy voice shall bid the tempter flee,
And I shall stand, complete in Thee.

Complete in Thee! each need supplied,
And no good thing to me denied,
Since Thou my portion, Lord, will be,
I ask no more, complete in Thee.

Dear Savior! When before Thy bar
All tribes and tongues assembled are,
Among Thy chosen will I be,
At Thy right hand, complete in Thee.

113 JOIN ALL THE GLORIOUS NAMES

Join all the glorious names
Of wisdom, love, and pow'r,
That ever mortals knew,
That angels ever bore:
All are too poor to speak His worth,
Too poor to set my Savior forth.

Great Prophet of my God,
My tongue would bless Thy name:
By Thee the joyful news
Of our salvation came,
The joyful news of sins forgiv'n,
Of hell subdued, and peace with heav'n.

Jesus, my great High Priest,
Offered His blood, and died;
My guilty conscience seeks
No sacrifice beside:
His pow'rful blood did once atone,
And now it pleads before the throne.

Thou art my Counsellor,
My Pattern, and my Guide,
And Thou my Shepherd art;
O, keep me near Thy side;
Nor let my feet e'er turn astray
To wander in the crooked way.

My Savior and my Lord,
My Conqu'ror and my King,
Thy scepter and Thy sword,
Thy reigning grace, I sing:
Thine is the pow'r; behold I sit
In willing bonds beneath Thy feet.

115 JESUS, THOU JOY OF LOVING HEARTS

Jesus, Thou Joy of loving hearts,
The Fount of life, the Light of men,
From the best bliss that earth imparts,
We turn unfilled to Thee again.

Thy truth unchanged has ever stood,
Thou savest those that on Thee call;
To them that seek Thee, Thou art good,
To them that find Thee, all in all.

We taste Thee, O Thou living Bread,
And long to feast upon Thee still;
We drink of Thee, the Fountainhead,
Our thirst to quench, our souls to fill.

Our restless spirits yearn for Thee,
Where'er our changeful lot is cast;
Glad when Thy gracious smile we see,
Blest when our faith can hold Thee fast.

O Jesus, ever with us stay,
Make all our moments calm and bright;
Chase the dark night of sin away,
Shed o'er the world Thy holy light.

116 REJOICE, THE LORD IS KING

Rejoice, the Lord is King:
Your Lord and King adore!
Rejoice, give thanks and sing,
And triumph evermore.
Lift up your heart; Lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

Jesus, the Savior, reigns,
The God of truth and love;
When He had purged our stains,
He took His seat above.
Lift up your heart; Lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

His kingdom cannot fail,
He rules o'er earth and heav'n;
The keys of death and hell
Are to our Jesus given.
Lift up your heart; Lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

Rejoice in glorious hope!
For Christ the Judge shall come
And take His servants up
To their eternal home.
Lift up your heart; Lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

117 KING OF THE AGES

King of the Ages, Almighty God,
Perfect love, ever just and true.
Who will not fear You and bring You praise?
All the nations will come to You.

Your ways of love have won my heart and brought me joy unending;
Your saving pow'r at work in me, bringing peace and the hope of glory.

Your arms of love are reaching out to ev'ry soul that seeks You;
Your light will shine in all the earth, bringing grace and a great salvation.

The day will come when You appear and ev'ry eye shall see You;
Then we shall rise with hearts ablaze, with a song we will sing forever!

Hear heaven's voices sing;
Their thund'rous anthem rings through em'rald courts and sapphire skies;
Their praises rise.
All glory, wisdom, pow'r, strength, thanks, and honor are to God,
Our King, who reigns on high forevermore.

118 HAIL TO THE LORD'S ANOINTED

Hail to the Lord's Anointed, great David's greater Son!
Hail, in the time appointed, Your reign on earth begun!
You come to break oppression, to set the captive free,
To take away transgression, and rule in equity.

You come with rescue speedy to those who suffer wrong,
To help the poor and needy, and bid the weak be strong;
To give them songs for sighing, their darkness turn to light,
Whose souls, condemned and dying, are precious in Your sight.

You shall come down like showers upon the fruitful earth;
Love, joy, and hope, like flowers, spring in Your path to birth.
Before You on the mountains, shall peace, the herald, go,
And righteousness in fountains from hill to valley flow.

Kings shall fall down before You, and gold and incense bring;
All nations shall adore You, Your praise all people sing;
To You shall prayer unceasing and daily vows ascend;
Your kingdom still increasing, a kingdom without end.

119 THERE IS A HIGHER THRONE

There is a higher throne than all this world has known,
Where faithful ones from ev'ry tongue will one day come.
Before the Son we'll stand, made faultless through the Lamb;
Believing hearts find promised grace; Salvation comes.

And there we'll find our home, our life before the throne,
We'll honor Him in perfect song where we belong.
He'll wipe each tear-stained eye as thirst and hunger die;
The Lamb becomes our Shepherd King; We'll reign with Him.

120 JESUS SHALL REIGN

Jesus shall reign wher-e'er the sun
Does its successive journeys run;
His kingdom spread from shore to shore,
Till moons shall wax and wane no more.

To Him shall endless prayer be made,
And endless praises crown His head;
His name like sweet perfume shall rise
With ev'ry morning sacrifice.

People and realms of ev'ry tongue
Dwell on His love with sweetest song,
And infant voices shall proclaim
Their early blessings on His name.

Let ev'ry creature rise and bring
Honor and glory to our King;
Angels descend with songs again,
And earth repeat the loud "Amen"!

121 CHRIST TRIUMPHANT, EVER REIGNING

Christ triumphant, ever reigning,
Savior, Master, King!
Lord of heav'n, our lives sustaining,
Hear us as we sing:
Yours the glory and the crown,
The high renown, eternal name.

Word incarnate, truth revealing,
Son of Man on earth!
Pow'r and majesty concealing
By Your humble birth:
Yours the glory and the crown,
The high renown, eternal name.

Suff'ring servant, scorned, ill-treated,
Victim crucified!
Death is through the cross defeated,
Sinners justified:
Yours the glory and the crown,
The high renown, eternal name.

Priestly King, enthroned forever
High in heav'n above!
Sin and death and hell shall never
Stifle hymns of love:
Yours the glory and the crown,
The high renown, eternal name.

So, our hearts and voices raising
Through the ages long,
Ceaselessly upon You gazing,
This shall be our song:
Yours the glory and the crown,
The high renown, eternal name.

124 LEAD ON, O KING ETERNAL

Lead on, O King Eternal,
The day of march has come;
Henceforth in fields of conquest
Thy tents shall be our home:
Through days of preparation
Thy grace has made us strong,
And now, O King Eternal,
We lift our battle song.

Lead on, O King Eternal,
Till sin's fierce war shall cease,
And holiness shall whisper
The sweet amen of peace;
For not with swords' loud clashing,
Or roll of stirring drums,
With deeds of love and mercy
The heav'nly kingdom comes.

Lead on, O King Eternal,
We follow not with fears;
For gladness breaks like morning
Wher-e'er Thy face appears;
Thy cross is lifted o'er us;
We journey in its light;
The crown awaits the conquest;
Lead on, O God of might.

125 COME, CHRISTIANS, JOIN TO SING

Come, Christians, join to sing Alleluia! Amen!
Loud praise to Christ our King; Alleluia! Amen!
Let all, with heart and voice, Before His throne rejoice;
Praise is His gracious choice: Alleluia! Amen!

Come, lift your hearts on high; Alleluia! Amen!
Let praises fill the sky; Alleluia! Amen!
He is our guide and friend; To us He'll condescend;
His love shall never end: Alleluia! Amen!

Praise yet our Christ again; Alleluia! Amen!
Life shall not end the strain; Alleluia! Amen!
On heaven's blissful shore His goodness we'll adore,
Singing forevermore, "Alleluia! Amen!"

126 BEHOLD OUR GOD

Who has held the oceans in His hands?
Who has numbered ev'ry grain of sand?
Kings and nations tremble at His voice.
All creation rises to rejoice.

Chorus:
Behold our God, seated on His throne.
Come, let us adore Him.
Behold our King, nothing can compare.
Come, let us adore Him.

Who has given counsel to the Lord?
Who can question any of His words?
Who can teach the One who knows all things?
Who can fathom all His wondrous deeds?

Who has felt the nails upon His hands,
Bearing all the guilt of sinful man?
God eternal, humbled to the grave,
Jesus, Savior, risen now to reign!

Let Your glory fill the earth.
You will reign forever.

127 LOOK, YE SAINTS! THE SIGHT IS GLORIOUS

Look, ye saints! the sight is glorious:
See the Man of Sorrows now,
From the fight returned victorious,
Ev'ry knee to Him shall bow:
Crown Him, crown Him,
Crown Him, crown Him,
Crown Him, crown Him,
Crowns become the Vict'or's brow.

Crown the Savior! Angels, crown Him;
Rich the trophies Jesus brings;
In the seat of pow'r enthrone Him,
While the vault of heaven rings:
Crown Him, crown Him,
Crown Him, crown Him,
Crown the Savior King of kings.

Sinners in derision crowned Him,
Mocking thus the Savior's claim;
Saints and angels crowd around Him,
Own His title, praise His name:
Crown Him, crown Him,
Crown Him, crown Him,
Spread abroad the Vict'or's fame.

Hark, those bursts of acclamation!
Hark, those loud triumphant chords!
Jesus takes the highest station;
O what joy the sight affords!
Crown Him, crown Him,
Crown Him, crown Him,
King of kings, and Lord of lords!

128 ONWARD MARCH, ALL-CONQUERING JESUS

Onward march, all-conquering Jesus;
Gird Thee on Thy mighty sword.
Sinful earth can ne'er oppose Thee;
Hell itself bows at Thy Word.
Thy great Name is so exalted,
Ev'ry foe shrinks back in fear;
Terror creeps through all creation,
When it knows that Thou art near.

Free my soul from sin's foul bondage;
Hasten now the glorious dawn.
Break proud Babel's gates in sunder;
Let the massive bolts be drawn.
Forth, like ocean's heaving surges,
Bring in myriads ransomed slaves,
Host on host, with shouts of triumph,
Endless, countless as the waves.

E'en today I hear sweet music,
Praises of a blood-freed throng,
Full deliv'rance, glorious freedom,
Are their themes for endless song.
Whiter than the snow their raiment,
Vict'or palms they wave on high,
As they pass, with fullest glory,
Into life's felicity.

How my raptured soul rejoices
That the jubilee is near;
Ev'ry word will be accomplished
Spoken by our Savior here.
North and south in countless myriads,
From earth's darkest ends they come,
With the dance and gladsome music,
Into heav'n's eternal home.

129 CROWN HIM WITH MANY CROWNS

Crown Him with many crowns,
The Lamb upon His throne;
Hark! how the heav'nly anthem drowns
All music but its own:
Awake, my soul, and sing
Of Him who died for thee,
And hail Him as thy matchless King
Through all eternity.

Crown Him the Son of God,
Before the worlds began,
And ye, who tread where He hath trod,
Crown Him the Son of Man;
Who ev'ry grief hath known
That wrings the human breast,
And takes and bears them for His own,
That all in Him may rest.

Crown Him the Lord of love,
Behold His hands and side,
Those wounds, yet visible above,
In beauty glorified:
No angel in the sky
Can fully bear that sight,
But downward bends his wond'ring eye
At mysteries so bright.

Crown Him the Lord of life,
Who triumphed o'er the grave,
And rose victorious in the strife
For those He came to save;
His glories now we sing
Who died, and rose on high,
Who died eternal life to bring,
And lives that death may die.

Crown Him the Lord of lords,
Who over all doth reign,
Who once on earth, th'incarnate Word,
For ransomed sinners slain,
Now lives in realms of light,
Where saints with angels sing
Their songs before Him day and night,
Their God, Redeemer, King.

130 HAIL, THOU ONCE DESPISED JESUS

Hail, Thou once despised Jesus!
Hail, Thou Galilean King!
Thou did suffer to release us;
Thou did free salvation bring.
Hail, Thou agonizing Savior,
Bearer of our sin and shame!
By Thy merits we find favor;
Life is given through Thy name.

Passover Lamb, by God appointed,
All our sins on Thee were laid;
By almighty love anointed,
Thou have full atonement made.
All Thy people are forgiven
Through the virtue of Thy blood;
Opened is the gate of heav'n;
Reconciled is man with God.

Jesus, hail! enthroned in glory,
There forever to abide;
All the heav'nly hosts adore Thee,
Seated at Thy Father's side.
There for sinners Thou art pleading;
There Thou dost our place prepare;
Ever for us interceding
Till in glory we appear.

Worship, honor, pow'r and blessing
Thou art worthy to receive;
Loudest praises, without ceasing,
Right it is for us to give.
Help, ye bright angelic spirits,
Bring your sweetest, noblest lays;
Help to sing our Savior's merits,
Help to chant Emmanuel's praise!

131 THE HEAD THAT ONCE WAS CROWNED WITH THORNS

The head that once was crowned with thorns
Is crowned with glory now;
A royal diadem adorns
The mighty Victor's brow.

The highest place that heav'n affords
Is His, is His by right;
The King of kings and Lord of lords,
And heav'n's eternal Light.

The joy of all who dwell above,
The joy of all below,
To whom He manifests His love
And grants His Name to know.

To them the cross with all its shame,
With all its grace, is given;
Their name, an everlasting name;
Their joy, the joy of heav'n.

They suffer with their Lord below;
They reign with Him above;
Their profit and their joy to know
The myst'ry of His love.

The cross He bore is life and health,
Though shame and death to Him;
His people's hope, His people's wealth,
Their ev'rlasting theme.

133 ALL GLORY BE TO CHRIST

Should nothing of our efforts stand, no legacy survive;
Unless the Lord does raise the house, in vain its builders strive.
To You who boast tomorrow's gain, tell me what is your life?
A mist that vanishes at dawn, all glory be to Christ!

Chorus:
All glory be to Christ our King, all glory be to Christ!
His rule and reign we'll ever sing, all glory be to Christ!

His will be done, His kingdom come, on earth as is above;
Who is Himself our daily bread, praise Him the Lord of love.
Let living water satisfy the thirsty without price;
We'll take a cup of kindness yet, all glory be to Christ!

When on that day the great I Am, the Faithful and the True,
The Lamb who was for sinners slain, is making all things new.
Behold our God shall live with us and be our steadfast light,
And we shall e'er His people be, all glory be to Christ!

134 BEGIN MY TONGUE, SOME HEAVENLY THEME

Begin, my tongue, some heav'nly theme,
And speak some boundless thing,
The mighty works, or mightier name
Of our eternal King.

Tell of His wondrous faithfulness,
And sound His pow'r abroad;
Sing the sweet promise of His grace,
And our redeeming God.

His very word of grace is strong
As that which built the skies;
The voice that rolls the stars along
Speaks all the promises.

O might I hear Thy heav'nly tongue
But whisper, "Thou art Mine,"
Those gentle words should raise my song
To notes almost divine.

135 O WORSHIP THE KING

O worship the King, all glorious above,
And gratefully sing His wonderful love;
Our Shield and Defender, the Ancient of Days,
Pavilioned in splendor, and girded with praise.

O tell of His might, O sing of His grace,
Whose robe is the light, whose canopy space;
His chariots of wrath the deep thunderclouds form,
And dark is His path on the wings of the storm.

Thy bountiful care what tongue can recite?
It breathes in the air, it shines in the light;
It streams from the hills, it descends to the plain,
And sweetly distills in the dew and the rain.

Frail children of dust, and feeble as frail,
In Thee do we trust, nor find Thee to fail;
Thy mercies how tender, how firm to the end;
Our Maker, Defender, Redeemer, and Friend!

136 O FOR A THOUSAND TONGUES TO SING

O for a thousand tongues to sing
My great Redeemer's praise,
The glories of my God and King,
The triumphs of His grace!

Jesus! the name that charms our fears,
That bids our sorrows cease;
'Tis music in the sinner's ears,
'Tis life, and health, and peace.

He breaks the pow'r of canceled sin,
He sets the prisoner free;
His blood can make the foulest clean,
His blood availed for me.

Hear Him, ye deaf; His praise, ye dumb,
Your loosened tongues employ;
Ye blind, behold your Savior come,
And leap, ye lame, for joy.

My gracious Master and my God,
Assist me to proclaim,
To spread through all the earth abroad
The honors of Thy Name.

138 ALL HAIL THE POWER OF JESUS' NAME (DIADEM)

All hail the pow'r of Jesus' name!
Let angels prostrate fall;
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him, crown Him, crown Him, crown Him,
And crown Him Lord of all.

Ye chosen seed of Israel's race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Ye ransomed from the fall;
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,
And crown Him, crown Him, crown Him, crown Him,
And crown Him Lord of all.

Let ev'ry kindred, ev'ry tribe
On this terrestrial ball,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,
And crown Him, crown Him, crown Him, crown Him,
And crown Him Lord of all.

O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall!
We'll join the everlasting song,
And crown Him, crown Him, crown Him,
And crown Him Lord of all.

140 AT THE NAME OF JESUS

At the name of Jesus ev'ry knee shall bow,
Ev'ry tongue confess Him King of glory now.
'Tis the Father's pleasure we should call Him Lord,
Who from the beginning was the mighty Word.

Mighty and mysterious in the highest height,
God from ev'erlasting, very light of light:
In the Father's bosom with the Spirit blest,
Love, in love eternal, rest, in perfect rest.

At His voice creation sprang at once to sight,
All the angel faces, all the hosts of light,
Thrones and bright dominions, stars upon their way,
All the heav'nly orders in their great array.

In your hearts enthrone Him; there let Him subdue
All that is not holy, all that is not true;
Crown Him as your Captain in temptation's hour;
Let His will enfold you in its light and pow'r.

Glory then to Jesus, Who, the Prince of light,
To a world in darkness brought the gift of sight,
Praise to God the Father, praise to God the Son,
Praise to God the Spirit, Him who reigns above.

141 LIFT HIGH THE NAME OF JESUS

Lift high the name of Jesus, of Jesus our King.
Make known the pow'r of His grace, the beauty of His peace.
Remember how His mercy reached and we cried out to Him.
He lifted us to solid ground, to freedom from our sin.

Lift high the name of Jesus, of Jesus our Lord.
His pow'r in us is greater than is greater than this world.
To share the reason for our hope, to serve with love and grace,
That all who see Him shine through us might bring the Father praise.

Lift high the name of Jesus, of Jesus our Light.
No other name on earth can save, can raise a soul to life.
He opens up our eyes to see the harvest He has grown.
We labor in His fields of grace as He leads sinners home.

143 ALL HAIL THE POWER OF JESUS' NAME (CORONATION)

All hail the pow'r of Jesus' name!
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him Lord of all;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him Lord of all.

Ye chosen seed of Israel's race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,
And crown Him Lord of all;
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,
And crown Him Lord of all.

Let ev'ry kindred, ev'ry tribe
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,
And crown Him Lord of all;
To Him all majesty ascribe,
And crown Him Lord of all.

O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall!
We'll join the everlasting song,
And crown Him Lord of all;
We'll join the everlasting song,
And crown Him Lord of all.

144 GLORIOUS IS THY NAME

Blessed Savior, we adore Thee;
We Thy love and grace proclaim.
Thou art mighty, Thou art holy;
Glorious is Thy matchless name!

Chorus:
Glorious, glorious,
Glorious is Thy name, O Lord!
Glorious is Thy name, O Lord!
Glorious is Thy name, O Lord!
Glorious, glorious,
Glorious is Thy name, O Lord!

Great Redeemer, Lord and Master,
Light of all eternal days,
Let the saints of ev'ry nation
Sing Thy just and endless praise!

From the throne of heaven's glory
To the cross of sin and shame,
You did come to die a ransom,
Guilty sinners to reclaim!

Come, O come, immortal Savior,
Come and take Thy royal throne;
Come, and reign, and reign forever;
Be the kingdom all Thine own!

146 HOW SWEET THE NAME OF JESUS SOUNDS

How sweet the name of Jesus sounds
in a believer's ear!
It soothes my sorrows, heals my wounds,
and drives away my fear.
It makes the wounded spirit whole
and calms the troubled breast;
It satisfies the hungry soul
and gives the weary rest.

Dear Name, the Rock on which I build,
my Shield and Hiding Place,
My never-failing treasury,
filled with boundless stores of grace.
My Jesus, Savior, Shepherd, Friend,
my Prophet, Priest, and King.
My Lord, my life, my way, my end,
accept the praise I bring.

Weak is the effort of my heart
and cold my warmest thought,
But when I see You as You art,
I'll praise You as I ought.
Till then I would Your love proclaim
with ev'ry fleeting breath,
And may the music of Your name
refresh my soul in death.

147 I HEARD THE VOICE OF JESUS SAY

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"Come unto Me and rest;
Lay down, O weary one, lay down
Your head upon My breast."
I came to Jesus as I was,
So weary, worn, and sad;
I found in Him a resting place,
And He has made me glad.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"Behold, I freely give
The living water, thirsty one;
Stoop down and drink and live."
I came to Jesus, and I drank
Of that life-giving stream;
My thirst was quenched, my soul revived,
And now I live in Him.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"I am this dark world's light;
Look unto Me, your morn shall rise,
And all your day be bright."
I looked to Jesus, and I found
In Him my star, my sun;
And in that light of life I'll walk
Till trav'ling days are done.

148 RELENTLESS LOVE

Relentless love embraced my soul in ages past,
Love undeserved, unknown, yet deep and vast.
God set His love on me, on me, in spite of me!
Salvation's work is His from first to last.

Relentless love pursued my heart, though I would hide,
Was unreturned, yet undeterred by pride.
Till by a grace unsought, my rebel soul was caught,
Redeemed by love that would not be denied.

Relentless love preserves my life from unbelief,
Sustains me through my sin, my doubt, my grief.
Since Christ has done it all, though feeble, I'll not fall;
Held by His love for me, a sinners' chief.

Relentless love transforms my soul and its delights,
Exceeds the fleeting joys which once sufficed.
Held by His love which sets me free!
I have my heart's desire, and that is Christ.

Refrain:
Unbounded love, unfailing love,
Love raised upon a tree;
Unending love, prevailing love,
My Savior's sov'reign love for me.

149 JESUS, THY BOUNDLESS LOVE TO ME

Jesus, Thy boundless love to me,
No thought can reach, no tongue declare;
Oh, knit my thankful heart to Thee
And reign without a rival there:
Thine wholly, Thine alone, I am;
Be Thou alone my constant flame.

Oh, grant that nothing in my soul
May dwell but Thy pure love alone;
Oh, may Thy love possess me whole,
My joy, my treasure and my crown:
All coldness from my heart remove;
May ev'ry act and thought be love.

O Love, how gracious is Thy way!
All fear before Thy presence flies;
Anguish and sorrow melt away
Where-e'er Thy healing beams arise:
O Jesus, nothing may I see,
Nothing desire or seek but Thee.

In suff'ring, be Thy love my peace;
In weakness, be Thy love my pow'r;
And when the storms of life shall cease,
O Jesus, in that solemn hour,
In death as life be Thou my guide,
And save me, Who for me hast died.

150 WONDERFUL GRACE OF JESUS

Wonderful grace of Jesus,
Greater than all my sin;
How shall my tongue describe it,
Where shall its praise begin?
Taking away my burden,
Setting my spirit free,
For the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

Chorus:
Wonderful the matchless grace of Jesus,
Deeper than the mighty rolling sea, the rolling sea;
Wonderful grace, all-sufficient for me, for even me.
Broader than the scope of my transgressions,
Greater far than all my sin and shame;
O magnify the precious name of Jesus,
Praise His name!

Wonderful grace of Jesus,
Reaching to all the lost,
By it I have been pardoned,
Saved to the uttermost.
Chains have been torn asunder,
Giving me liberty,
For the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

Wonderful grace of Jesus,
Reaching the most defiled,
By its transforming power
Making him God's dear child.
Purchasing peace and heaven
For all eternity -
And the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

151 JESUS, LOVER OF MY SOUL

Jesus, lover of my soul,
Let me to Thy bosom fly,
While the nearer waters roll,
While the tempest still is high.
Hide me, O my Savior, hide,
Till the storm of life is past;
Safe into the haven guide;
O receive my soul at last.

Other refuge have I none;
Hangs my helpless soul on Thee;
Leave, O leave me not alone,
Still support and comfort me.
All my trust on Thee is stayed;
All my help from Thee I bring;
Cover my defenseless head
With the shadow of Thy wing.

Thou, O Christ, art all I want;
More than all in Thee I find;
Raise the fallen, cheer the faint,
Heal the sick and lead the blind.
Just and holy is Thy name;
I am all unrighteousness;
False and full of sin I am;
Thou art full of truth and grace.

Plenteous grace with Thee is found,
Grace to cover all my sin;
Let the healing streams abound;
Make and keep me pure within.
Thou of life the fountain art;
Freely let me take of Thee;
Spring Thou up within my heart;
Rise to all eternity.

152 JESUS, I AM RESTING, RESTING

Jesus, I am resting, resting
In the joy of what Thou art;
I am finding out the greatness
Of Thy loving heart.
Thou hast bid me gaze upon Thee,
And Thy beauty fills my soul,
For by Thy transforming power,
Thou hast made me whole.

Refrain:
Jesus, I am resting, resting
In the joy of what Thou art;
I am finding out the greatness
Of Thy loving heart.

O how great Thy loving-kindness,
Vaster, broader than the sea!
O how marvelous Thy goodness,
Lavished all on me!
Yes, I rest in Thee, Beloved,
Know what wealth of grace is Thine,
Know Thy certainty of promise,
And have made it mine.

Simply trusting Thee, Lord Jesus,
I behold Thee as Thou art,
And Thy love, so pure, so changeless,
Satisfies my heart;
Satisfies its deepest longings,
Meets, supplies its ev'ry need,
Compasseth me round with blessings:
Thine is love indeed!

Ever lift Thy face upon me
As I work and wait for Thee;
Resting 'neath Thy smile, Lord Jesus,
Earth's dark shadows flee.
Brightness of my Father's glory,
Sunshine of my Father's face,
Keep me ever trusting, resting,
Fill me with Thy grace.

153 BELOVED AND BLESSED

Beloved and Blessed, the Father's pure delight.
Redeemer, Sustainer, You're my passion and my prize.
You're unchanging, You're magnificent,
You are all I could desire.
You're my Breath of life, Sun of righteousness,
You're the Love that satisfies.

My Brother, my Comforter, My Shepherd and my Friend.
My Ransom, my Righteousness, You're the Stream that never ends.
You're the Word of life, You're the Bread of heav'n,
You're the Lion and the Lamb.
All within me cries, "Lord be glorified
By ev'rything I am."

There's kindness, compassion for those who will draw near;
Acceptance, forgiveness, and a love that conquers fear.

154 OH THE DEEP, DEEP LOVE

Oh, the deep, deep love of Jesus, vast, unmeasured, boundless, free.
Rolling as a mighty ocean in its fullness over me.
Underneath me, all around me is the current of Your love.
Leading onward, leading homeward to Your glorious rest above.

Oh, the deep, deep love of Jesus, spread His praise from shore to shore.
How He came to pay our ransom through the saving cross He bore:
How He watches o'er His loved ones, those He died to make His own;
How for them He's interceding, pleading now before the throne.

Oh, the deep, deep love of Jesus, far surpassing all the rest.
It's an ocean full of blessing in the midst of ev'ry test.
Oh, the deep, deep love of Jesus, mighty Savior, precious Friend:
You will bring us home to glory where Your love will never end.

Oh, the deep, deep love, all I need and trust
Is the deep, deep love of Jesus.

155 JESUS, THE VERY THOUGHT OF THEE

Jesus, the very thought of Thee
With sweetness fills my breast;
But sweeter far Thy face to see,
And in Thy presence rest.

No voice can sing, no heart can frame,
Nor can the mem'ry find
A sweeter sound than Jesus' name,
O Savior of mankind!

O Hope of ev'ry contrite heart!
O Joy of all the meek!
To those who fall, how kind Thou art!
How good to those who seek!

But what to those who find? Ah, this!
No tongue or pen can show.
The love of Jesus, what it is
None but His loved ones know.

156 HIS FOREVER

Jesus, friend of sinners, loved me 'ere I knew Him.
Drew me with His cords of love, tightly bound me to Him.
'Round my heart, still closely twined, the ties that none can sever.
For I am His and He is mine forever and forever.

Jesus, friend of sinners, a crown of thorns You wore for me.
Bruised for my transgressions, pierced for my iniquities.
The wrath of God that I deserved was poured out on the innocent.
He took my place, my soul to save. Now I am His forever.

Jesus, friend of sinners, I love to tell the story.
Redeeming love has been my theme and will be when in glory.
Not death, nor life, nor anything can ever separate me.
Oh, love that will not let me go, Yes, I am His forever.

157 OH, HOW HE LOVES YOU AND ME

Oh, how He loves you and me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life; what more could He give?
Oh, how He loves you;
Oh, how He loves me;
Oh, how He loves you and me!

Jesus to Calv'ry did go,
His love for mankind to show;
What He did there brought hope from despair.
Oh, how He loves you;
Oh, how He loves me;
Oh, how He loves you and me!

159 O THE DEEP, DEEP LOVE OF JESUS

O the deep, deep love of Jesus,
Vast, unmeasured, boundless, free!
Rolling as a mighty ocean
In its fullness over me,
Underneath me, all around me,
Is the current of Thy love;
Leading onward, leading homeward,
To Thy glorious rest above!

O the deep, deep love of Jesus,
Spread His praise from shore to shore!
How He loveth, ever loveth,
Changeth never, nevermore;
How He watches o'er His loved ones,
Died to call them all His own;
How for them He intercedeth,
Watcheth o'er them from the throne!

O the deep, deep love of Jesus,
Love of ev'ry love the best!
'Tis an ocean vast of blessing,
'Tis a haven sweet of rest.
O the deep, deep love of Jesus,
'Tis a heav'n of heav'n to me;
And it lifts me up to glory,
For it lifts me up to Thee!

161 LOVE DIVINE, ALL LOVES EXCELLING

Love divine, all loves excelling,
Joy of heav'n, to earth come down;
Fix in us Thy humble dwelling;
All Thy faithful mercies crown.
Jesus, Thou art all compassion,
Pure, unbounded love Thou art;
Visit us with Thy salvation;
Enter every trembling heart.

Breathe, O breathe Thy loving Spirit
Into every troubled breast!
Let us all in Thee inherit,
Let us find the promised rest.
Take away our love of sinning;
Alpha and Omega be;
End of faith, as its beginning,
Set our hearts at liberty.

Come, Almighty to deliver,
Let us all Thy grace receive;
Suddenly return, and never,
Nevermore Thy temples leave.
Thee we would be always blessing,
Serve Thee as Thy hosts above,
Pray, and praise Thee without ceasing,
Glory in Thy perfect love.

Finish, then, Thy new creation;
Pure and spotless let us be;
Let us see Thy great salvation
Perfectly secured in Thee:
Changed from glory into glory,
Till in heav'n we take our place,
Till we cast our crowns before Thee,
Lost in wonder, love, and praise.

162 WONDERFUL, MERCIFUL SAVIOR

Wonderful, merciful Savior,
precious Redeemer and Friend,
Who would have thought that a Lamb
could rescue the souls of men?
Oh, You rescue the souls of men.

Chorus:
You are the One that we praise,
You are the One we adore.
You give the healing and grace
our hearts always hunger for,
Oh, our hearts always hunger for.

Counselor, Comforter, Keeper,
Spirit we long to embrace,
You offer hope when our hearts
have hopelessly lost the way.
Oh, we've hopelessly lost the way.

Almighty, infinite Father,
faithfully loving Your own,
Here in our weakness You find us,
falling before Your throne.
Oh, we're falling before Your throne.

163 COMPASSION HYMN

There is an everlasting kindness You lavished on us,
When the radiance of heaven came to rescue the lost.
You called the sheep without a shepherd to leave their distress;
For Your streams of forgiveness and the shade of Your rest.

And with compassion for the hurting You reached out Your hand,
As the lame ran to meet You and the dead breathed again.
You saw behind the eyes of sorrow and shared in our tears;
Heard the sigh of the weary, let the children draw near.

We stood beneath the cross of Calv'ry and gazed on Your face,
At the thorns of oppression and the wounds of disgrace.
For surely You have borne our suff'ring and carried our grief;
As You pardoned the scoffer and showed grace to the thief.

How beautiful the feet that carry this gospel of peace
To the fields of injustice and the valleys of need -
To be a voice of hope and healing, to answer the cries
Of the hungry and helpless with the mercy of Christ.

What boundless love, what fathomless grace You have shown us,
O God of compassion.
Each day we live an off'ring of praise
as we show to the world Your compassion.

164 WHAT A FRIEND WE HAVE IN JESUS

What a friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
Everything to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit,
Oh, what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry
Everything to God in prayer!

Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged;
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a friend so faithful
Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our every weakness;
Take it to the Lord in prayer.

Are we weak and heavy laden,
Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Savior, still our refuge;
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Do thy friends despise, forsake thee?
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
In His arms He'll take and shield thee;
Thou wilt find a solace there.

165 JESUS, DRAW ME EVER NEARER

Jesus, draw me ever nearer as I labor through the storm.
You have called me to this passage, and I'll follow though I'm worn.

Chorus:
May this journey bring a blessing, may I rise on wings of faith;
And at the end of my heart's testing, with Your likeness let me wake.

Jesus, guide me through the tempest, keep my spirit staid and sure.
When the midnight meets the morning, let me love You even more.

May the treasures of the trial form within me as I go;
At the end of this long passage, let me leave them at Your throne.

166 I RUN TO CHRIST

I run to Christ when chased by fear
And find a refuge sure.
"Believe in Me," His voice I hear;
His words and wounds secure.

I run to Christ when worn by life
And find my soul refreshed.
"Come unto Me," He calls through strife;
Fatigue gives way to rest.

I run to Christ when stalked by sin
And find a sure escape.
"Deliver me," I cry to Him;
Temptation yields to grace.

I run to Christ when torn by grief
And find abundant peace.
"I too had tears," He gently speaks;
Thus joy and sorrow meet.

I run to Christ when vexed by hell
And find a mighty arm.
"The Devil flees," the Scriptures tell;
He roars, but cannot harm.

I run to Christ when plagued by shame
And find my one defense.
"I bore God's wrath," He pleads my case;
My Advocate and Friend.

167 GOOD SHEPHERD OF MY SOUL

Good Shepherd of my soul,
Come dwell within me;
Take all I am and mold
Your likeness in me.
Before the cross of Christ,
This is my sacrifice:
A life laid down and ready to follow.

The troubled find their peace
In true surrender;
The pris'ners their release
From chains of anger.
In springs of living grace,
I find a resting place,
To rise refreshed, determined to follow.

I'll walk this narrow road
With Christ before me,
Where thorns and thistles grow
And cords ensnare me.
Though doubted and denied,
He never leaves my side,
But lifts my head and calls me to follow.

And when my days are gone,
My strength is failing,
He'll carry me along
Through death's unveiling.
Earth's struggles overcome,
Heav'n's journey just begun,
To search Christ's depths and ever to follow.

168 PSALM 23

The Lord's my Shepherd, I'll not want.
He makes me lie in pastures green.
He leads me by the still, still waters,
His goodness restores my soul.

Refrain:
I will trust, I will trust in You.
I will trust, I will trust in You.
And I will trust in You alone;
And I will trust in You alone;
For Your endless mercy follows me,
Your goodness will lead me home.

He guides my ways in righteousness,
and He anoints my head with oil;
And my cup, it overflows with joy,
I feast on His pure delights.

And though I walk the darkest path,
I will not fear the evil one,
For You are with me, and Your rod and staff
are the comfort I need to know.

170 SAVIOR, LIKE A SHEPHERD LEAD US

Savior, like a shepherd lead us,
Much we need Thy tender care;
In Thy pleasant pastures feed us,
For our use Thy folds prepare.
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast bought us, Thine we are;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast bought us, Thine we are.

We are Thine; do Thou befriend us,
Be the Guardian of our way;
Keep Thy flock, from sin defend us,
Seek us when we go astray.
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray.

Thou hast promised to receive us,
Poor and sinful though we be;
Thou hast mercy to relieve us,
Grace to cleanse, and pow'r to free.
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee.

Early let us seek Thy favor;
Early let us do Thy will;
Blessed Lord and only Savior,
With Thy love our bosoms fill.
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still.

171 THE KING OF LOVE MY SHEPHERD IS

The King of love my Shepherd is,
Whose goodness faileth never;
I nothing lack if I am His
And He is mine forever.

Where streams of living water flow
My ransomed soul He leadeth,
And where the verdant pastures grow,
With food celestial feedeth.

Perverse and foolish oft I strayed,
But yet in love He sought me,
And on His shoulder gently laid,
And home, rejoicing, brought me.

In death's dark vale I fear no ill
With Thee, dear Lord, beside me;
Your rod and staff my comfort still,
Your cross before to guide me.

You spread a table in my sight,
Your saving grace bestowing;
And O what transport of delight
From Your pure chalice flowing!

And so through all the length of days
Your goodness faileth never;
Good Shepherd, may I sing Your praise
Within Your house forever.

172 ALL THE WAY MY SAVIOR LEADS ME

All the way my Savior leads me;
What have I to ask beside?
Can I doubt His tender mercy,
Who through life has been my guide?
Heav'nly peace, divinest comfort,
Here by faith in Him to dwell!
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well;
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well.

All the way my Savior leads me,
Cheers each winding path I tread,
Gives me grace for every trial,
Feeds me with the living bread.
Though my weary steps may falter
And my soul athirst may be,
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! a spring of joy I see;
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! a spring of joy I see.

All the way my Savior leads me;
Oh, the fullness of His love!
Perfect rest to me is promised
In my Father's house above.
When my spirit, clothed immortal,
Wings its flight to realms of day,
This my song through endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way;
This my song through endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way.

173 O THOU, IN WHOSE PRESENCE

O Thou, in Whose presence my soul takes delight,
On whom in affliction I call;
My comfort by day and my song in the night,
My hope, my salvation, my all.

Where dost Thou, dear Shepherd, resort with Thy sheep,
To feed them in pastures of love?
Say, why in the valley of death should I weep,
Or alone in this wilderness rove?

O why should I wander, an alien from Thee,
Or cry in the desert for bread?
Thy foes will rejoice when my sorrows they see,
And smile at the tears I have shed.

He looks! and ten thousands of angels rejoice,
And myriads wait for His word;
He speaks! and eternity, filled with His voice,
Re-echoes the praise of the Lord.

Dear Shepherd! I hear, and will follow Thy call;
I know the sweet sound of Thy voice;
Restore and defend me, for Thou art my all,
And in Thee I will ever rejoice.

174 GIVE ME JESUS

In the morning when I rise,
In the morning when I rise,
In the morning when I rise,
Give me Jesus.

Refrain:
Give me Jesus, Give me Jesus,
You may have all this world,
Give me Jesus.

Oh, when I am alone,
Oh, when I am alone,
Oh, when I am alone,
Give me Jesus.

Oh, when I come to die,
Oh, when I come to die,
Oh, when I come to die,
Give me Jesus.

175 MY SHEPHERD, YOU SUPPLY MY NEED

My Shepherd, You supply my need;
Most holy is Your name.
In pastures fresh You make me feed,
Beside the living stream.
You bring my wand'ring spirit back
When I forsake Your ways,
And lead me, for Your mercy's sake,
In paths of truth and grace.

When I walk through the shades of death,
Your presence is my stay;
One word of Your supporting breath
Drives all my fears away.
Your hand, in sight of all my foes,
Does still my table spread;
My cup with blessings overflows,
Your oil anoints my head.

The sure provisions of my God
Attend me all my days;
Oh, may Your house be my abode
And all my work be praise.
Here would I find a settled rest,
While others go and come;
No more a stranger or a guest,
But like a child at home.

176 BE THOU MY VISION

Be Thou my Vision, O Lord of my heart;
Naught be all else to me, save that Thou art.
Thou my best thought, by day or by night,
Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light.

Be Thou my Wisdom, and Thou my true Word;
I ever with Thee and Thou with me, Lord;
Thou my great Father, I Thy true son;
Thou in me dwelling, and I with Thee one.

Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise,
Thou mine inheritance, now and always;
Thou and Thou only, first in my heart,
High King of heaven, my treasure Thou art.

High King of heaven, my victory won,
May I reach heaven's joys, O bright heav'n's Sun!
Heart of my own heart, whatever befall,
Still be my Vision, O Ruler of all.

177 IN CHRIST ALONE

In Christ alone my hope is found,
He is my light, my strength, my song;
This Cornerstone, this solid Ground,
Firm through the fiercest drought and storm.
What heights of love, what depths of peace,
When fears are stilled, when strivings cease!
My Comforter, my All in All,
Here in the love of Christ I stand.

In Christ alone! – who took on flesh,
Fullness of God in helpless babe.
This gift of love and righteousness,
Scorned by the ones He came to save:
Till on that cross as Jesus died,
The wrath of God was satisfied –
For every sin on Him was laid;
Here in the death of Christ I live.

There in the ground His body lay,
Light of the world by darkness slain:
Then bursting forth in glorious day
Up from the grave He rose again!
And as He stands in victory
Sin's curse has lost its grip on me,
For I am His and He is mine –
Bought with the precious blood of Christ.

No guilt in life, no fear in death,
This is the power of Christ in me;
From life's first cry to final breath,
Jesus commands my destiny.
No power of hell, no scheme of man,
Can ever pluck me from His hand:
Till He returns or calls me home,
Here in the power of Christ I'll stand.

179 'TIS SO SWEET TO TRUST IN JESUS

'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to take Him at His word;
Just to rest upon His promise,
Just to know, "Thus saith the Lord."

Refrain:
Jesus, Jesus, how I trust Him!
How I've proved Him o'er and o'er!
Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus!
O for grace to trust Him more!

O how sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to trust His cleansing blood;
Just in simple faith to plunge me
'Neath the healing, cleansing flood!

Yes, 'tis sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just from sin and self to cease;
Just from Jesus simply taking
Life and rest, and joy and peace.

I'm so glad I learned to trust Him,
Precious Jesus, Savior, Friend;
And I know that He is with me,
Will be with me to the end.

180 AND CAN IT BE?

And can it be that I should gain
An int'rest in the Savior's blood?
Died He for me, who caused His pain?
For me, who Him to death pursued?
Amazing love! How can it be
That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?

He left His Father's throne above,
So free, so infinite His grace;
Emptied Himself of all but love,
And bled for Adam's helpless race.
'Tis mercy all, immense and free;
For O my God, it found out me!

Long my imprisoned spirit lay
Fast bound in sin and nature's night;
Thine eye diffused a quick'ning ray,
I woke, the dungeon flamed with light;
My chains fell off, my heart was free,
I rose, went forth, and followed Thee.

No condemnation now I dread;
Jesus, and all in Him, is mine!
Alive in Him, my living Head,
And clothed in righteousness divine,
Bold I approach th'eternal throne,
And claim the crown, through Christ, my own.

181 HIS ROBES FOR MINE

His robes for mine: O wonderful exchange!
Clothed in my sin, Christ suffered 'neath God's rage.
Draped in His righteousness, I'm justified.
In Christ I live, for in my place He died.

His robes for mine: What cause have I for dread?
God's daunting law Christ mastered in my stead.
Faultless I stand, with righteous works not mine,
Saved by my Lord's vicarious death and life.

His robes for mine: God's justice is appeased.
Jesus is crushed, and thus the Father's pleased.
Christ drank God's wrath on sin, then cried, "'Tis done!"
Sin's wage is paid; propitiation won.

His robes for mine: Such anguish none can know.
Christ, God's beloved, condemned as though His foe.
He, as though I, accursed and left alone;
I, as though He, embraced and welcomed home!

183 AH, HOLY JESUS, HOW HAVE YOU OFFENDED

Ah, holy Jesus, how have You offended,
that mortal judgment has on You descended?
By foes derided, by Your own rejected,
O most afflicted!

Who was the guilty? Who brought this upon You?
Alas, my treason, Jesus, hath undone You.
'Twas I, Lord Jesus, I it was denied You;
I crucified You.

For me, kind Jesus, was Your incarnation,
Your mortal sorrow, and Your life's oblation;
Your death of anguish and Your bitter passion,
For my salvation.

Therefore, kind Jesus, since I cannot pay You,
I do adore You and will ever pray You,
Think on Your pity and Your love unswerving,
Not my deserving.

184 COME, BEHOLD THE WONDROUS MYSTERY

Come, behold the wondrous mystery,
In the dawning of the King;
He the theme of heaven's praises,
Robed in frail humanity.
In our longing, in our darkness,
Now the light of life has come;
Look to Christ, who condescended,
Took on flesh to ransom us.

Come, behold the wondrous mystery,
He the perfect Son of Man;
In His living, in His suff'ring,
Never trace nor stain of sin.
See the true and better Adam,
Come to save the hell-bound man;
Christ, the great and sure fulfillment
Of the law, in Him we stand.

Come, behold the wondrous mystery,
Christ the Lord upon the tree;
In the stead of ruined sinners,
Hangs the Lamb in victory.
See the price of our redemption,
See the Father's plan unfold;
Bringing many sons to glory,
Grace unmeasured, love untold.

Come, behold the wondrous mystery,
Slain by death the God of life;
But no grave could e'er restrain Him,
Praise the Lord, He is alive!
What a foretaste of deliv'rance,
How unwav'ring our hope;
Christ in pow'r resurrected,
As we will be, when He comes.

185 HERE IS LOVE

Here is love, vast as the ocean,
Loving-kindness as the flood,
When the Prince of Life, our Ransom,
Shed for us His precious blood.
Who His love will not remember?
Who can cease to sing His praise?
He can never be forgotten,
Throughout heav'n's eternal days.

On the mount of crucifixion,
Fountains opened deep and wide;
Through the floodgates of God's mercy
Flowed a vast and gracious tide.
Grace and love, like mighty rivers,
Poured incessant from above,
And heav'n's peace and perfect justice
Kissed a guilty world in love.

Let me, all Your love accepting,
Love You, ever all my days;
Let me seek Your kingdom only,
And my life be to Your praise;
You alone shall be my glory,
Nothing in the world I see;
You have cleansed and sanctified me,
You Yourself have set me free.

In Your truth You still direct me
By Your Spirit through Your Word;
And Your grace my need is meeting,
As I trust in You, my Lord.
Of Your fullness You are pouring
Your great love and pow'r on me,
Without measure, full and boundless,
Drawing out my heart to Thee.

186 A DEBTOR TO MERCY

A debtor to mercy alone,
Of covenant mercy I sing.
I come with Your righteousness on,
My humble off'ring to bring.
The judgments of Your holy law
With me can have nothing to do.
My Savior's obedience and blood
Hide all my transgressions from view.

The work which Your goodness began,
The arm of Your strength will complete.
Your promise is yes and amen,
And never was forfeited yet.
The future or things that are now,
No pow'r below or above,
Can make You Your purpose forgo,
Or sever my soul from Your love.

My name from the palms of Your hands
Eternity will not erase.
Impressed on Your heart it remains
In marks of indelible grace.
Yes, I to the end will endure,
Forever and always secure,
Until I bow down at Your throne,
A debtor to mercy alone.

187 BEFORE THE THRONE OF GOD ABOVE

Before the throne of God above,
I have a strong and perfect plea:
A great High Priest whose name is Love,
Who ever lives and pleads for me.
My name is graven on His hands,
My name is written on His heart.
I know that while in heav'n He stands,
No tongue can bid me thence depart,
No tongue can bid me thence depart.

When Satan tempts me to despair,
And tells me of the guilt within,
Upward I look and see Him there,
Who made an end of all my sin.
Because the sinless Savior died,
My sinful soul is counted free.
For God, the Just, is satisfied
To look on Him and pardon me,
To look on Him and pardon me.

Behold Him there, the risen Lamb!
My perfect, spotless righteousness,
The great unchangeable I AM,
The King of Glory and of Grace.
One with Himself, I cannot die;
My soul is purchased by His blood.
My life is hid with Christ on high,
With Christ, my Savior and my God,
With Christ, my Savior and my God.

188 JESUS, THY BLOOD AND RIGHTEOUSNESS

Jesus, Thy blood and righteousness
My beauty are, my glorious dress;
'Midst flaming worlds, in these arrayed,
With joy shall I lift up my head.

Bold shall I stand in that great day,
For who aught to my charge shall lay?
Fully absolved through these I am,
From sin and fear, from guilt and shame.

Lord, I believe Thy precious blood,
Which at the mercy seat of God
Forever doth for sinners plead,
For me, e'en for my soul, was shed.

Lord, I believe were sinners more
Than sands upon the ocean shore,
Thou hast for all a ransom paid,
For all a full atonement made.

189 DEPTH OF MERCY

Depth of mercy! Can there be
Mercy still reserved for me?
Can my God His wrath forbear,
Me, the chief of sinners, spare?
Whence to me this waste of love?
Ask my Advocate above!
See the cause in Jesus' face,
Now before the throne of grace.

I have long withstood His grace,
Long provoked Him to His face.
Would not hearken to His calls,
Grieved Him by a thousand falls.
There for me the Savior stands,
Shows His wounds, and spreads His hands.
God is love, His grace so free,
Depth of mercy, there for me.

I my Master have denied,
I afresh have crucified,
And profaned His hallowed name,
Put Him to an open shame.
Jesus speaks and pleads His blood!
He disarms the wrath of God.
Now my Father's mercies move;
He receives me with His love.

190 WHAT WONDROUS LOVE IS THIS

What wondrous love is this, O my soul, O my soul!
What wondrous love is this, O my soul!
What wondrous love is this
That caused the Lord of bliss
To bear the dreadful curse for my soul, for my soul,
To bear the dreadful curse for my soul.

When I was sinking down, sinking down, sinking down,
When I was sinking down, sinking down,
When I was sinking down
Beneath God's righteous frown,
Christ laid aside His crown for my soul, for my soul,
Christ laid aside His crown for my soul.

To God and to the Lamb, I will sing, I will sing;
To God and to the Lamb, I will sing;
To God and to the Lamb,
Who is the great "I AM,"
While millions join the theme, I will sing, I will sing,
While millions join the theme, I will sing.

And when from death I'm free, I'll sing on, I'll sing on;
And when from death I'm free, I'll sing on;
And when from death I'm free,
I'll sing and joyful be,
And through eternity I'll sing on, I'll sing on,
And through eternity I'll sing on.

191 MY HIDING PLACE

Against the God who rules the sky
I fought with hands uplifted high;
Despised the mention of His grace,
Too proud to seek a hiding place.
But an eternal counsel ran:
"Almighty love, arrest that man!"
I felt the arrows of disgrace
And found I had no hiding place.

Indignant Justice stood in view;
To Sinai's fiery mount I flew;
But Justice cried with frowning face,
"This mountain is no hiding place."
Ere long a heav'nly voice I heard,
And mercy for my soul appeared,
Which led me on with smiling face
To Jesus Christ, my hiding place.

On Him almighty vengeance fell:
Enough to sink the world to hell;
He bore it for His chosen race,
And thus became their hiding place.
Should storms of mighty vengeance roll
And shake this earth from pole to pole,
No flaming bolt could daunt my face
For Jesus is my hiding place.

Chorus:
My Jesus is my hiding place,
Surrounding me with steadfast love and grace.
In death He'll be my hiding place
And I shall ever see His smiling face.

193 BEAUTIFUL SAVIOR

All my days I will sing this song of gladness,
Give my praise to the Fountain of delights;
For in my helplessness You heard my cry,
And waves of mercy poured down on my life.

Chorus:
Beautiful Savior, Wonderful Counselor,
Clothed in majesty, Lord of history,
You're the Way, the Truth, the Life,
Star that will guide us through the darkest night,
Wonderful, so wonderful, my Savior.

I will trust in the cross of my Redeemer,
I will sing of the blood that never fails,
Of sins forgiv'n, of conscience cleansed,
Of death defeated and life without end.

Long to be where the praise is never ending,
Yearn to dwell where the glory never fades,
Where countless worshippers will share one song,
And cries of "worthy" will honor the Lamb!

194 O LOVE DIVINE

O love divine, amazing love,
that brought to earth from Heav'n above
The Son of God for us to die,
that we might dwell on high.

For us a crown of thorns He bore,
for us a robe of scorn He wore.
He conquered death and rent the grave
and lives again our souls to save.

O wand'rer, come, on Him believe,
His offered grace by faith receives.
Awake, arise, and hear Him call,
the feast is spread for all.

He died for you, He died for me,
and shed His blood to make us free.
Upon the cross of Calvary,
the Savior died for me.

195 I HEAR THE WORDS OF LOVE

I hear the words of love,
I gaze upon the blood,
I see the mighty sacrifice,
And I have peace with God.

'Tis everlasting peace!
Sure as Jehovah's Name;
'Tis stable as His steadfast throne,
For evermore the same.

The clouds may come and go,
And storms may sweep my sky;
This blood-sealed friendship changes not:
The cross is ever nigh.

My love is oft-times low,
My joy still ebbs and flows;
But peace with Him remains the same;
No change Jehovah knows.

I change, He changes not,
The Christ can never die;
His love, not mine, the resting place,
His truth, not mine, the tie.

196 I WILL GLORY IN MY REDEEMER

I will glory in my Redeemer,
Whose priceless blood has ransomed me.
Mine was the sin that drove the bitter nails
And hung Him on that judgment tree.
I will glory in my Redeemer,
Who crushed the pow'r of sin and death;
My only Savior before the Holy Judge,
The Lamb who is my righteousness,
The Lamb who is my righteousness.

I will glory in my Redeemer;
My life He bought, my love He owns.
I have no longings for another;
I'm satisfied in Him alone.
I will glory in my Redeemer,
His faithfulness, my standing place.
Though foes are mighty and rush upon me,
My feet are firm, held by His grace,
My feet are firm, held by His grace.

I will glory in my Redeemer,
Who carries me on eagle's wings.
He crowns my life with loving-kindness;
His triumph song I'll ever sing.
I will glory in my Redeemer,
Who waits for me at gates of gold.
And when He calls me it will be paradise,
His face forever to behold,
His face forever to behold.

198 ACROSS THE LANDS

You're the Word of God the Father,
From before the world began.
Ev'ry star and ev'ry planet
Has been fashioned by Your hand.
All creation holds together
By the power of Your voice.
Let the skies declare Your glory;
Let the land and seas rejoice!

Yet You left the gaze of angels,
Came to seek and save the lost,
And exchanged the joy of heaven
For the anguish of a cross.
With a prayer You fed the hungry;
With a word You calmed the sea;
Yet how silently You suffered
That the guilty may go free!

With a shout You rose victorious,
Wresting vict'ry from the grave,
And ascended into heaven,
Leading captives in Your way.
Now You stand before the Father,
Interceding for Your own,
From each tribe and tongue and nation,
You are leading sinners home!

You're the author of creation;
You're the Lord of ev'ry man;
And Your cry of love rings out
across the lands.

200 HALLELU JAH! MY REDEEMER

Let me ponder perfect mercy,
like a fountain filled with grace!
My Redeemer came and found me!
In His death stood in my place.

I was blind in utter darkness
when He gave me eyes to see!
In my sin, depraved and dirty,
Jesus washed and made me clean!

So unworthy of His kindness,
but His gift to me so free!
Only sin I had to offer,
Jesus shed His blood for me.

On the cross He died to save me,
make me whole by shedding blood.
As a lamb went to the slaughter,
He was cursed there for my good.

I am trusting in Your pow'r now
to keep me safe until
You complete what You have started
By Your sov'reign, gracious will!

Chorus:
Hallelu Jah! My Redeemer!
My Redeemer and my King!
Hallelu Jah! What a Savior!
For His love my praise I sing!
For His love my praise I sing!

201 THERE IS A REDEEMER

There is a Redeemer -
Jesus, God's own Son;
Precious Lamb of God, Messiah,
Holy One.

Jesus, my Redeemer,
name above all names;
Precious Lamb of God, Messiah,
Hope for sinners slain.

When I stand in glory,
I will see His face;
There I'll serve my King forever
in that holy place.

Chorus:
Thank You, O my Father,
for giving us Your Son,
And leaving Your Spirit
till the work on earth is done.

202 MY SONG IS LOVE UNKNOWN

My song is love unknown,
My Savior's love to me;
Love to the loveless shown,
That they might lovely be.
O who am I,
That for my sake
My Lord should take
frail flesh and die?

He came from His blest throne,
Salvation to bestow;
But men made strange, and none
The longed-for Christ would know.
But O my Friend,
My Friend indeed,
Who at my need
His life did spend!

Sometimes they crowd His way,
And His sweet praises sing,
Resounding all the day
Hosannas to their King.
Then "Crucify!"
Is all their breath,
And for His death
They thirst and cry.

Why, what hath my Lord done?
What makes this rage and spite?
He made the lame to run,
He gave the blind their sight.
Sweet injuries!
Yet they at these
Themselves displease,
And 'gainst Him rise.

They rise and needs will have
My dear Lord made away;
A murderer they save,
The Prince of Life they slay.
Yet cheerful He
To suff'ring goes,
That He His foes
From thence might free.

In life, no house, no home,
My Lord on earth might have;
In death no friendly tomb
But what a stranger gave.
What may I say?
Heav'n was His home;
But mine the tomb
Wherein He lay.

Here might I stay and sing,
No story so divine;
Never was love, dear King!
Never was grief like Thine.
This is my Friend,
In whose sweet praise
I all my days
Could gladly spend.

203 O CHRIST, OUR HOPE, OUR HEART'S DESIRE

O Christ, our hope, our heart's desire, redemption's only spring,
Creator of the world art Thou, its Savior and its King.

How vast the mercy and the love which laid our sins on Thee,
And led Thee to a cruel death to set Thy people free.

But now the bands of death are burst, the ransom has been paid,
And Thou art on Thy Father's throne, in glorious robes arrayed.

O Christ, be Thou our lasting joy, our ever great reward;
Our only glory may it be to glory in the Lord!

204 FREE FROM GUILT AND FREE FROM SIN

Dark the stain I cannot hide,
Stain of sin, my guilt to prove;
Guilt my own, and foolish pride,
Pride, the reason for my sin,
Pride, the reason for my sin.

Light of God came shining down.
Son of God, my soul to win;
Laid aside His heav'nly crown,
Paid the price for all my sin,
Paid the price for all my sin.

Love of God that lights my way,
Lamb of God, my soul to save;
Love displayed on Calvary,
Gave His life to set me free,
Gave His life to set me free.

Gone the darkness, come the Light,
Gone the wrong, my soul made right;
Gone the night, the day begins,
Free from guilt and free from sin,
Free from guilt and free from sin.

Wash me in the Savior's blood;
Make me pure, without, within;
Cleanse my heart and set me free,
Free from guilt and free from sin,
Free from guilt and free from sin.

206 JESUS! WHAT A FRIEND FOR SINNERS

Jesus! what a Friend for sinners!
Jesus! Lover of my soul;
Friends may fail me, foes assail me,
He, my Savior, makes me whole.

Jesus! what a strength in weakness!
Let me hide myself in Him;
Tempted, tried, and sometimes failing,
He, my strength, my vict'ry wins.

Jesus! what a help in sorrow!
While the billows o'er me roll,
Even when my heart is breaking,
He, my comfort, helps my soul.

Jesus! what a guide and keeper!
While the tempest still is high,
Storms about me, night o'ertakes me,
He, my Pilot, hears my cry.

Jesus! I do now receive Him,
More than all in Him I find;
He hath granted me forgiveness,
I am His, and He is mine.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! What a Savior!
Hallelujah! What a Friend!
Saving, helping, keeping, loving,
He is with me to the end.

207 O THE LOVE OF MY REDEEMER

Highest heights or darkest deep,
Be there pain or poverty,
There is nothing that can keep
My Redeemer's love from me.

All alone though I may feel,
All the world my enemy,
Still there's no one that can steal
My Redeemer's love from me.

Although burdened by the weight
Of great trial or tragedy,
None of these can separate
My Redeemer's love from me.

Though the earth's foundations shake,
Driving wind or raging sea,
Neither death nor life can take
My Redeemer's love from me.

Through this world's few passing days
And through all eternity,
I will never cease to praise
My Redeemer's love for me.

Chorus:
O the love of my Redeemer,
Never failing come what may;
He has purchased my forgiveness
And has washed my sins away.

208 MY RANSOM

What fear can overtake my vision?
What doubt can overcome my faith?
What strife can silence all my singing?
Lord, Your wounds have paid my ransom.

What thief can steal my heart's possession?
What pow'r can overwhelm my soul?
What shame can silence my confession?
Lord, Your wounds have paid my ransom.

What lie can sever what is certain?
What storm can wash away my hope?
What threat of death can take my freedom?
Lord, Your wounds have paid my ransom.

And what unspeakable mercy
has emptied heaven's reserve?
And what Redeemer so worthy
has covered sin with such love?
And what unsearchable riches,
far beyond human words?
Lord, Your wounds have paid my ransom.

209 ROCK OF AGES

Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy wounded side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure,
Cleanse me from its guilt and pow'r.

Not the labors of my hands
Can fulfill Thy law's demands;
Could my zeal no respite know,
Could my tears forever flow,
All for sin could not atone;
Thou must save, and Thou alone.

Nothing in my hand I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling;
Naked, come to Thee for dress;
Helpless, look to Thee for grace;
Foul, I to the Fountain fly;
Wash me, Savior, or I die.

While I draw this fleeting breath,
When my eyes shall close in death,
When I soar to worlds unknown,
See Thee on Thy judgment throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

210 I WILL SING OF MY REDEEMER

I will sing of my Redeemer
and His wondrous love to me;
On the cruel cross He suffered,
from the curse to set me free.

I will tell the wondrous story
how, my lost estate to save,
In His boundless love and mercy,
He the ransom freely gave.

I will praise my dear Redeemer,
His triumphant pow'r I'll tell,
How the victory He giveth
over sin and death and hell.

I will sing of my Redeemer
and His heav'nly love for me;
He from death to life hath brought me,
Son of God, with Him to be.

Chorus:
Sing, O sing of my Redeemer,
With His blood He purchased me.
On the cross He sealed my pardon,
Paid the debt, and made me free.

212 GLORIOUS DAY

One day when heaven was filled with His praises,
One day when sin was as black as could be,
Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin,
Dwelt among men, my example is He.
The Word became flesh and the light shined among us,
His glory revealed.

Chorus:
Living, He loved me; dying, He saved me;
Buried, He carried my sins far away.
Rising, He justified freely forever.
One day He's coming: Oh, glorious day!
Oh, glorious day, glorious day!

One day they led Him up Calvary's mountain,
One day they nailed Him to die on a tree.
Suffering anguish, despised and rejected,
My Redeemer is He.
Hands that healed nations stretched out on a tree,
And took the nails for me.

One day the grave could conceal Him no longer,
One day the stone rolled away from the door.
Then He arose, over death He had conquered,
Now is ascended my Lord evermore.
Death could not hold Him, the grave could not keep Him
From rising again.

213 MY HOPE IS IN THE LORD

My hope is in the Lord
Who gave Himself for me,
And paid the price of all my sin
At Calvary.

Refrain:
For me He died, For me He lives,
And everlasting life and light
He freely gives.

No merit of my own,
His anger to suppress,
My only hope is found
In Jesus' righteousness.

And now for me He stands
Before the Father's throne,
He shows His wounded hands,
And names me as His own.

His grace has planned it all,
'Tis mine but to believe,
And recognize His work of love,
And Christ receive.

214 OF THE FATHER'S LOVE BEGOTTEN

Of the Father's love begotten,
Ere the worlds began to be,
He is Alpha and Omega,
He the Source, the Ending He,
Of the things that are, that have been,
And that future years shall see,
Evermore and evermore!

O ye heights of heav'n adore Him;
Angel hosts, His praises sing;
Pow'rs, dominions, bow before Him,
And extol our God and King;
Let no tongue on earth be silent,
Ev'ry voice in concert ring,
Evermore and evermore!

Christ, to Thee with God the Father,
And, O Holy Ghost, to Thee,
Hymn and chant and high thanksgiving
And unwearied praises be:
Honor, glory, and dominion,
And eternal victory,
Evermore and evermore!

215 LET ALL MORTAL FLESH KEEP SILENCE

Let all mortal flesh keep silence,
And with fear and trembling stand;
Ponder nothing earthly minded,
For with blessing in His hand,
Christ our God to earth descendeth,
Our full homage to demand.

Rank on rank the host of heaven
Spreads its vanguard on the way,
As the Light of light descendeth
From the realms of endless day,
That the pow'rs of hell may vanish
As the darkness clears away.

At His feet the six-winged seraph;
Cherubim, with sleepless eye,
Veil their faces to the Presence,
As with ceaseless voice they cry:
Alleluia, Alleluia,
Alleluia, Lord Most High!

216 COME, THOU LONG-EXPECTED JESUS

Come, Thou long-expected Jesus,
Born to set Thy people free;
From our fears and sins release us;
Let us find our rest in Thee.
Israel's strength and consolation,
Hope of all the earth Thou art;
Dear desire of ev'ry nation,
Joy of ev'ry longing heart.

Born Thy people to deliver,
Born a child, and yet a King,
Born to reign in us forever,
Now Thy gracious kingdom bring.
By Thine own eternal Spirit
Rule in all our hearts alone;
By Thine all sufficient merit,
Raise us to Thy glorious throne.

218 O COME, O COME, EMMANUEL

O come, O come, Emmanuel,
And ransom captive Israel,
That mourns in lonely exile here
Until the Son of God appear.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

O come, Thou Dayspring, come and cheer
Our spirits by Thine advent here;
Disperse the gloomy clouds of night,
And death's dark shadows put to flight.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

O come, Thou Rod of Jesse, free
Thine own from Satan's tyranny;
From depths of hell Thy people save,
And give them victory o'er the grave.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

O come, Desire of nations, bind
All peoples in one heart and mind;
Bid envy, strife, and quarrels cease;
Fill the whole world with heaven's peace.
Rejoice! Rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel!

219 THOU WHO WAST RICH

Thou who wast rich beyond all splendor,
All for love's sake becamest poor;
Thrones for a manger didst surrender,
Sapphire-paved courts for stable floor.
Thou who wast rich beyond all splendor,
All for love's sake becamest poor.

Thou who art God beyond all praising,
All for love's sake becamest man;
Stooping so low, but sinners raising
Heav'nward by Thine eternal plan.
Thou who art God beyond all praising,
All for love's sake becamest man.

Thou who art love beyond all telling,
Savior and King, we worship Thee.
Emmanuel, within us dwelling,
Make us what Thou wouldst have us be.
Thou who art love beyond all telling,
Savior and King, we worship Thee.

220 LO, HOW A ROSE E'ER BLOOMING

Lo, how a Rose e'er blooming
From tender stem hath sprung!
Of Jesse's lineage coming
As men of old have sung.
It came, a flow'r bright,
Amid the cold of winter
When half-gone was the night.

Isaiah 'twas foretold it,
The Rose I have in mind;
With Mary we behold it,
The virgin mother kind.
To show God's love aright
She bore to men a Savior
When half-gone was the night.

This Flower, whose fragrance tender
With sweetness fills the air,
Dispels with glorious splendor
The darkness ev'rywhere.
True man, yet very God,
From sin and death He saves us
And lightens ev'ry load.

221 FULLNESS OF GRACE

Fullness of grace in man's human frailty;
This is the wonder of Jesus.
Laying aside His pow'r and glory
Humbly He entered our world.
Chose the path of meanest worth;
Scandal of a virgin birth.
Born in a stable, cold and rejected:
Here lies the hope of the world.

Fullness of grace, the love of the Father
Shown in the face of Jesus.
Stooping to bear the weight of humanity
Walking the Calvary road.
Christ the holy innocent
Took our sin and punishment.
Fullness of God, despised and rejected:
Crushed for the sins of the world.

Fullness of hope in Christ we had longed for,
Promise of God in Jesus,
Through His obedience we are forgiven,
Op'ning the floodgates of heav'n.
All our hopes and dreams we bring
Gladly as an offering.
Fullness of life and joy unspeakable:
God's gift in love to the world.

222 ANGELS FROM THE REALMS OF GLORY

Angels, from the realms of glory,
Wing your flight o'er all the earth;
Ye who sang creation's story
Now proclaim Messiah's birth:

Refrain:
Come and worship, come and worship,
Worship Christ, the newborn King!

Shepherds, in the fields abiding,
Watching o'er your flocks by night,
God with man is now residing;
Yonder shines the infant Light:

Sages, leave your contemplations,
Brighter visions beam afar;
Seek the great Desire of nations;
Ye have seen the Infant star:

Though an Infant now we view Him,
He shall fill His Father's throne,
Gather all the nations to Him;
Ev'ry knee shall then bow down:

223 THE FIRST NOEL

The first Noel the angel did say
Was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay;
In fields where they lay keeping their sheep,
On a cold winter's night that was so deep.

Refrain:
Noel, noel! Noel, noel!
Born is the King of Israel!

They looked up and saw a star
Shining in the east, beyond them far;
And to the earth it gave great light,
And so it continued both day and night.

And by the light of that same star
The wise men came from country far;
To seek for a king was their intent,
And to follow the star wherever it went.

Then let us all with one accord
Sing praises to our heav'nly Lord
Who hath made heav'n and earth of naught,
And with His blood mankind hath bought.

224 JOY TO THE WORLD!

225 GO, TELL IT ON THE MOUNTAIN

While shepherds kept their watching
O'er silent flocks by night,
Behold throughout the heavens
There shone a holy light.

Refrain:
Go, tell it on the mountain,
Over the hills and ev'rywhere;
Go, tell it on the mountain
That Jesus Christ is born!

The shepherds feared and trembled
When lo! above the earth
Rang out the angel chorus
That hailed our Savior's birth.

Down in a lowly manger
The humble Christ was born,
And God sent us salvation
That blessed Christmas morn.

226 GOOD CHRISTIAN MEN, REJOICE

Good Christian men, rejoice
With heart and soul and voice!
Give ye heed to what we say:
Jesus Christ is born today!
Man and beast before Him bow,
And He is in the manger now:
Christ is born today! Christ is born today!

Good Christian men, rejoice
With heart and soul and voice!
Now ye hear of endless bliss:
Jesus Christ was born for this!
He has opened heav'n's door,
And man is blest forevermore:
Christ was born for this! Christ was born for this!

Good Christian men, rejoice
With heart and soul and voice!
Now ye need not fear the grave:
Jesus Christ was born to save!
Calls you one and calls you all
To gain His everlasting hall:
Christ was born to save! Christ was born to save!

227 ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH

Angels we have heard on high,
Sweetly singing o'er the plains;
And the mountains in reply
Echo back their joyous strains.

Refrain:
Gloria, in excelsis Deo!
Gloria, in excelsis Deo!

Shepherds, why this jubilee?
Why your joyous strains prolong?
Say what may the tidings be
Which inspire your heav'nly song?

Come to Bethlehem, and see
Him whose birth the angels sing;
Come, adore on bended knee
Christ the Lord, the newborn King.

See within a manger laid
Jesus, Lord of heav'n and earth!
Mary, Joseph, lend your aid,
With us sing our Savior's birth.

228 WE THREE KINGS OF ORIENT ARE

We three kings of Orient are;
Bearing gifts we traverse afar,
Field and fountain, moor and mountain,
Following yonder star.

Refrain:
Oh, star of wonder, star of night,
Star with royal beauty bright,
Westward leading, still proceeding,
Guide us to thy perfect light.

Born a King on Bethlehem's plain,
Gold I bring to crown Him again,
King forever, ceasing never,
Over us all to reign.

Frankincense to offer have I,
Incense owns a Deity nigh,
Prayer and praising, all men raising,
Worship Him, God on high.

Myrrh is mine, its bitter perfume
Breathes a life of gathering gloom,
Sorr'wing, sighing, bleeding, dying,
Sealed in the stone-cold tomb.

Glorious now behold Him arise,
King and God and Sacrifice,
Alleluia, Alleluia,
Earth to heav'n replies.

229 SING WE NOW OF CHRISTMAS

Sing we now of Christmas, Noel, sing we here!
Hear our grateful praises to the Babe so dear.

Refrain:
Sing we Noel, the King is born, Noel!
Sing we now of Christmas, sing we now Noel!

Angels called to shepherds, "Leave your flocks at rest;
Journey forth to Beth'lhem, find the Lamb-kin blest."

In the stall they found Him; Joseph and Mary mild
Seated 'round the manger, watching the holy Child.

From the eastern country came the kings afar,
Bearing gifts to Beth'lhem, guided by a star.

Gold and myrrh they took there, gifts of greatest price,
There was ne'er a stable so like paradise.

230 WHAT CHILD IS THIS?

What Child is this, who, laid to rest,
On Mary's lap is sleeping?
Whom angels greet with anthems sweet,
While shepherds watch are keeping?

Refrain:
This, this is Christ, the King,
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing:
Haste, haste, to bring Him laud,
The Babe, the Son of Mary.

Why lies He in such mean estate,
Where ox and ass are feeding?
Good Christian, fear: for sinners here
The silent Word is pleading.

So bring Him incense, gold, and myrrh,
Come, peasant, king to own Him;
The King of kings salvation brings;
Let loving hearts enthrone Him.

231 O COME, ALL YE FAITHFUL

O come, all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant;
O come ye, O come ye to Bethlehem!
Come and behold Him, born the King of angels:

Refrain:
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him, Christ the Lord!

God of God, Light of Light eternal,
Lo, He abhors not the virgin's womb;
Very God, begotten, not created:

Sing, choirs of angels, sing in exultation;
O sing, all ye citizens of heav'n above!
Glory to God, all glory in the highest:

Yea, Lord, we greet Thee, born this happy morning;
Jesus, to Thee be all glory giv'n;
Word of the Father, now in flesh appearing:

232 AWAY IN A MANGER

Away in a manger, no crib for a bed,
The little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head;
The stars in the sky looked down where He lay,
The little Lord Jesus, asleep on the hay.

The cattle are lowing, the Baby awakes,
But little Lord Jesus, no crying He makes;
I love Thee, Lord Jesus! look down from the sky
And stay by my cradle till morning is nigh.

Be near me, Lord Jesus, I ask Thee to stay
Close by me forever, and love me, I pray;
Bless all the dear children in Thy tender care,
And fit us for heaven to live with Thee there.

234 ALL IS WELL

All is well, all is well;
Angels and men rejoice;
For tonight darkness fell
Into the dawn of love's light.
Sing alle, sing alleluia.

All is well, all is well;
Let there be peace on earth.
Christ is come, go and tell
That He is in the manger.
Sing alle, sing alleluia.

All is well, all is well;
Lift up your voice and sing.
Born is now Emmanuel;
Born is our Lord and Savior.
Sing alleluia, sing alleluia.
All is well.

235 AWAY IN A MANGER

Away in a manger, no crib for a bed,
The little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head;
The stars in the bright sky looked down where He lay,
The little Lord Jesus asleep on the hay.

The cattle are lowing, the Baby awakes,
But little Lord Jesus, no crying He makes;
I love Thee, Lord Jesus; look down from the sky
And stay by my cradle till morning is nigh.

Be near me, Lord Jesus, I ask Thee to stay
Close by me forever, and love me, I pray;
Bless all the dear children in Thy tender care,
And fit us for heaven to live with Thee there.

236 SILENT NIGHT, HOLY NIGHT

Silent night, holy night!
All is calm, all is bright
Round yon virgin mother and Child!
Holy Infant so tender and mild,
Sleep in heavenly peace,
Sleep in heavenly peace.

Silent night! holy night!
Shepherds quake at the sight,
Glories stream from heaven afar,
Heav'nly hosts sing: "Alleluia!
Christ the Savior is born,
Christ the Savior is born."

Silent night, holy night!
Son of God, love's pure light
Radiant beams from Thy holy face,
With the dawn of redeeming grace,
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth,
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth.

237 JOY HAS DAWNED

Joy has dawned upon the world,
Promised from creation–
God's salvation now unfurled,
Hope for ev'ry nation.
Not with fanfares from above,
Not with scenes of glory,
But a humble gift of love,
Jesus born of Mary.

Sounds of wonder fill the sky
With the songs of angels,
As the mighty Prince of Life
Shelters in a stable.
Hands that set each star in place,
Shaped the earth in darkness,
Cling now to a mother's breast,
Vul'nrable and helpless.

Shepherds bow before the Lamb,
Gazing at the glory;
Gifts of men from distant lands
Prophesy the story.
Gold– a King is born today,
Incense– God is with us;
Myrrh– His death will make a way,
And by His blood He'll win us.

Son of Adam, Son of heav'n,
Given as a ransom;
Reconciling God and man,
Christ, our mighty champion!
What a Savior! What a Friend!
What a glorious myst'ry!
Once a babe in Bethlehem,
Now the Lord of hist'ry.

238 HARK! THE HERALD ANGELS SING

Hark! the herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King;
Peace on earth, and mercy mild,
God and sinners reconciled!"
Joyful, all ye nations, rise,
Join the triumph of the skies;
With th'angelic host proclaim,
"Christ is born in Bethlehem!"
Hark! the herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King."

Christ, by highest heav'n adored;
Christ the everlasting Lord!
Late in time behold Him come,
Offspring of the Virgin's womb:
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see;
Hail th'incarnate Deity!
Pleased as man with men to dwell,
Jesus, our Emmanuel.

Hail, the heav'n-born Prince of Peace!
Hail, the Sun of Righteousness!
Light and life to all He brings,
Ris'n with healing in His wings.
Mild He lays His glory by,
Born that man no more may die,
Born to raise the sons of earth,
Born to give them second birth.

239 WHILE SHEPHERDS WATCHED THEIR FLOCKS

While shepherds watched their flocks by night,
All seated on the ground,
The angel of the Lord came down,
And glory shone around.

"Fear not," said he, for mighty dread
Had seized their troubled mind;
"Glad tidings of great joy I bring
To you and all mankind.

"To you, in David's town this day
Is born, of David's line,
The Savior, who is Christ the Lord,
And this shall be the sign:

"The heav'nly Babe you there shall find
To human view displayed,
All meanly wrapp'd in swathing bands,
And in a manger laid."

"All glory be to God on high
And to the earth be peace;
Goodwill henceforth from heav'n to men
Begin and never cease!"

240 O HOLY NIGHT!

O holy night! the stars are brightly shining;
It is the night of the dear Savior's birth.
Long lay the world in sin and error pining,
Till He appeared and the soul felt its worth.
A thrill of hope – the weary world rejoices,
For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn!
Fall on your knees! O hear the angel voices!
O night divine, O night when Christ was born!
O night, O holy night, O night divine!

Led by the light of faith serenely beaming,
With glowing hearts by His cradle we stand.
So led by light of a star sweetly gleaming,
Here came the Wise Men from Orient land.
The King of kings lay in a lowly manger,
In all our trials born to be our Friend.
He knows our need – to our weakness is no stranger.
Behold your King! before Him lowly bend!
Behold your King, before Him lowly bend!

Truly He taught us to love one another;
His law is love and His gospel is peace.
Chains shall He break, for the slave is our brother,
And in His name all oppression shall cease.
Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus raise we;
Let all within us praise His holy name.
Christ is the Lord! O praise His name forever!
His pow'r and glory evermore proclaim!
His pow'r and glory evermore proclaim!

242 O LITTLE TOWN OF BETHLEHEM

O little town of Bethlehem,
How still we see thee lie!
Above thy deep and dreamless sleep
The silent stars go by;
Yet in thy dark streets shineth
The everlasting Light;
The hopes and fears of all the years
Are met in thee tonight.

For Christ is born of Mary,
And gathered all above,
While mortals sleep, the angels keep
Their watch of wond'ring love.
O morning stars, together,
Proclaim the holy birth,
And praises sing to God the King,
And peace to men on earth.

How silently, how silently,
The wondrous gift is giv'n!
So God imparts to human hearts
The blessings of His heav'n.
No ear may hear His coming,
But in this world of sin,
Where meek souls will receive Him still,
The dear Christ enters in.

O holy Child of Bethlehem!
Descend to us, we pray;
Cast out our sin, and enter in,
Be born in us today.
We hear the Christmas angels
The great glad tidings tell;
O come to us, abide with us,
Our Lord Immanuel!

245 EXULT IN THE SAVIOR'S BIRTH

Shepherds watched their flocks at night,
Attending lowly sheep.
Now within a cattle shed,
A much stranger watch they keep.
Today, a Savior has been born
And He is Christ, the Lord.
Placed within a humble trough,
This baby must be adored.

Pagan wise men from the East
Seek out the infant King.
Trackless miles behind them lie
And now all their rev'rence bring.
They have come to worship Him
With spices and with gold.
Countless millions seek Him still,
Whose advent was long foretold.

For to us a Child is born,
To us a Son is giv'n.
He shall reign in righteousness,
This Counselor King from heav'n.
The government will rest on Him,
He is the mighty God.
Prince of Peace, this gentle King,
Yet rules with a mighty rod.

Scriptures say that Mary's boy
Was born that He might die.
Angel voices burst in praise,
Their harmony fills the sky.
Sing, "Glory in the highest heav'n."
Sing, "Gracious peace on earth."
Those on whom His favor rests,
Exult in our Savior's birth.

246 IT CAME UPON THE MIDNIGHT CLEAR

It came upon the midnight clear,
That glorious song of old,
From angels bending near the earth
To touch their harps of gold:
"Peace on the earth, good will to men,
From heav'n's all-gracious King."
The world in solemn stillness lay
To hear the angels sing.

Yet with the woes of sin and strife
The world has suffered long,
Beneath the angel strain have rolled
Two thousand years of wrong;
And man, at war with man, hears not
The love song which they bring:
O hush the noise, ye men of strife,
And hear the angels sing!

All ye, beneath life's crushing load,
Whose forms are bending low,
Who toil along the climbing way
With painful steps and slow,
Look now! for glad and golden hours
Come swiftly on the wing:
O rest beside the weary road
And hear the angels sing!

For lo! the days are hast'ning on,
By prophets seen of old,
When with the ever-circling years
Comes round the age of gold;
When peace shall over all the earth
Its ancient splendors fling,
And the whole world give back the song
Which now the angels sing.

247 ONCE IN ROYAL DAVID'S CITY

Once in royal David's city
Stood a lowly cattle shed,
Where a mother laid her Baby
In a manger for His bed:
Mary was that mother mild,
Jesus Christ her little Child.

He came down to earth from heaven,
Who is God and Lord of all,
And His shelter was a stable,
And His cradle was a stall;
With the poor, and mean, and lowly,
Lived on earth our Savior holy.

Jesus is our childhood's pattern,
Day by day like us He grew;
He was little, weak, and helpless,
Tears and smiles like us He knew:
And He feeleth for our sadness,
And He shareth in our gladness.

And our eyes at last shall see Him
Thru His own redeeming love,
For that Child, so dear and gentle,
Is our Lord in heav'n above;
And He leads His children on
To the place where He is gone.

249 I HEARD THE BELLS ON CHRISTMAS DAY

I heard the bells on Christmas day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet the words repeat
Of peace on earth, good will to men.

I thought how, as the day had come,
The belfries of all Christendom
Had rolled along th'unbroken song
Of peace on earth, good will to men.

And in despair I bowed my head:
"There is no peace on earth," I said,
"For hate is strong, and mocks the song
Of peace on earth, good will to men."

Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:
"God is not dead, nor does He sleep;
The wrong shall fail, the right prevail,
With peace on earth, good will to men."

250 INFANT HOLY, INFANT LOWLY

Infant holy, Infant lowly,
For His bed a cattle stall;
Oxen lowing, Little knowing
Christ, the Babe, is Lord of all.
Swift are wing-ing angels singing,
Noels ringing, tidings bringing:
Christ, the Babe, is Lord of all!
Christ, the Babe, is Lord of all!

Flocks were sleeping, Shepherds keeping
Vigil till the morning new
Saw the glory, Heard the story,
Tidings of a gospel true.
Thus rejoicing, free from sorrow,
Praises voicing greet the morrow:
Christ, the Babe, was born for you!
Christ, the Babe, was born for you!

251 THE BIRTHDAY OF A KING

In the little village of Bethlehem,
There lay a Child one day,
And the sky was bright with a holy light
O'er the place where Jesus lay.

Refrain:
Alleluia! Oh, how the angels sang.
Alleluia! How it rang!
And the sky was bright with a holy light,
'Twas the birthday of a King.

'Twas a humble birthplace, but oh, how much
God gave to us that day;
From the manger bed what a path has led,
What a perfect, holy way.

252 I WONDER AS I WANDER

I wonder as I wander, out under the sky,
How Jesus the Savior did come for to die
For poor, ord'nary people like you and like I;
I wonder as I wander, out under the sky.

When Mary birthed Jesus, 'twas in a cow's stall,
With wise men and farmers and shepherds and all.
But high from God's heaven a star's light did fall,
The promise of ages it then did recall.

If Jesus had wanted for any wee thing,
A star in the sky or a bird on the wing,
Or all of God's angels in heav'n for to sing,
He surely could have it, 'cause He was the King.

I wonder as I wander, out under the sky,
How Jesus the Savior did come for to die
For poor, ord'nary people like you and like I;
I wonder as I wander, out under the sky.

253 HE IS BORN

Thru long ages of the past,
Prophets have foretold His coming;
Thru long ages of the past,
Now the time has come at last!

Refrain:
He is born, the divine Christ-Child;
Play the oboe and bagpipes merrily!
He is born, the divine Christ-Child;
Sing we all of the Savior mild.

O how lovely, O how pure
Is this perfect Child of heaven;
O how lovely, O how pure,
Gracious gift to humankind!

Jesus, Lord of all the world,
Coming as a Child among us;
Jesus, Lord of all the world,
Grant to us Thy heav'nly peace.

254 HOW GREAT OUR JOY!

While by the sheep we watched at night,
Glad tidings brought an angel bright.

Refrain:
How great our joy! Great our joy!
Joy, joy, joy! Joy, joy, joy!
Praise we the Lord in heav'n on high!
Praise we the Lord in heav'n on high!

There shall be born, so he did say,
In Bethlehem a Child today.

There shall the Child lie in a stall,
This Child who shall redeem us all.

This gift of God we'll cherish well,
That ever joy our hearts shall fill.

255 O HEARKEN YE

O hearken ye who would believe,
The gracious tidings now receive:
The mighty Lord of heav'n and earth,
Today is come to human birth.
Gloria, gloria,
In excelsis Deo.

O hearken ye who long for peace,
Your troubled searching now may cease.
For at this cradle you shall find
God's healing grace for all mankind.
Gloria, gloria,
In excelsis Deo.

O hearken ye who long for love,
And turn your hearts to God above.
The angel's song the wonder tells:
Now Love Incarnate with us dwells!
Gloria, gloria,
In excelsis Deo.

256 WHO IS HE IN YONDER STALL?

Who is He in yonder stall,
At whose feet the shepherds fall?
Who is He in deep distress,
Fasting in the wilderness?

Refrain:
'Tis the Lord! Oh, wondrous story!
'Tis the Lord! The King of glory!
At His feet we humbly fall,
Crown Him! Crown Him, Lord of all!

Who is He the people bless
For His words of gentleness?
Who is He to whom they bring
All the sick and sorrowing?

Who is He that stands and weeps
At the grave where Laz'rus sleeps?
Who is He the gath'ring throng
Greet with loud triumphant song?

Lo! at midnight, who is He
Prays in dark Gethsemane?
Who is He on yonder tree
Dies in grief and agony?

Who is He that from the grave
Comes to heal and help and save?
Who is He that from His throne
Rules through all the world alone?

257 LOVE INCARNATE

With a pray'r You fed the hungry, with a cry You stilled the storm;
With a look You had compassion on the desp'rate and forlorn.
With a touch You healed the leper, with a shout You raised the dead;
With a word expelled the demons, with a blessing broke the bread.

Refrain:
Love incarnate, Love divine,
Captivate this heart of mine
Till all I do speaks of You.

As a sheep before the shearer You were silent in Your pain;
You endured humiliation at the hands of those You'd made.
And as hell unleashed its fury, You were lifted on a tree,
Crying, "Father God, forgive them, place their punishment on Me."

I will feed the poor and hungry, I will stand up for the truth;
I will take my cross and follow to the corners of the earth.
And I ask that You so fill me with Your peace, Your pow'r, Your breath;
That I never love my life so much to shrink from facing death.

259 THOU DIDST LEAVE THY THRONE

Thou didst leave Thy throne and Thy kingly crown,
When Thou camest to earth for me;
But in Bethlehem's home was there found no room
For Thy holy nativity.

Refrain:
O come to my heart, Lord Jesus;
There is room in my heart for Thee!

Heaven's arches rang when the angels sang,
Proclaiming Thy royal degree;
But of lowly birth didst Thou come to earth,
And in great humility.

Thou camest, O Lord, with the living word
That should set Thy people free;
But with mocking scorn, and with crown of thorn
They bore Thee to Calvary.

When the heavens shall ring, and the angels sing
At Thy coming to victory,
Let Thy voice call me home, saying, "Yet there is room,
There is room at My side for thee."
My heart shall rejoice, Lord Jesus,
When Thou comest and callest for me!

260 ALL GLORY, LAUD, AND HONOR

All glory, laud, and honor
To Thee, Redeemer, King,
To whom the lips of children
Made sweet hosannas ring.
Thou art the King of Israel,
Thou David's royal Son,
Who in the Lord's name comest,
The King and Blessed One.

The company of angels
Are praising Thee on high,
And mortal men and all things
Created make reply.
The people of the Hebrews
With palms before Thee went;
Our praise and prayer and anthems
Before Thee we present.

To Thee, before Thy passion,
They sang their hymns of praise;
To Thee, now high exalted,
Our melody we raise.
Thou didst accept their praises –
Accept the praise we bring,
Who in all good delightest,
Thou good and gracious King!

261 HARK, THE GLAD SOUND

Hark, the glad sound! The Savior comes,
The Savior promised long;
Let ev'ry heart prepare a throne
And ev'ry voice a song.

He comes the pris'ners to release,
In Satan's bondage held;
The gates of brass before Him burst,
The iron fetters yield.

He comes the broken heart to bind,
The bleeding soul to cure;
And with the treasures of His grace
To bless the humble poor.

Our glad hosannas, Prince of Peace,
Thy welcome shall proclaim;
And heav'n's eternal arches ring
With Thy beloved name.

263 WORTHY IS THE LAMB

Worthy is the Lamb that was slain;
Worthy is the Lamb that was slain.
Worthy is the Lamb that was slain, to receive
Pow'r and riches and wisdom and strength,
Honor and glory and blessing!
Worthy is the Lamb, Worthy is the Lamb,
Worthy is the Lamb that was slain.

264 LAMB OF GLORY

265 LAMB OF GOD

266 COME, LET US JOIN OUR CHEERFUL SONGS

Come, let us join our cheerful songs
With angels round the throne.
Ten thousand thousand are their tongues,
But all their joys are one.

"Worthy the Lamb that died," they cry,
"To be exalted thus!"
"Worthy the Lamb," our lips reply,
"For He was slain for us!"

Jesus is worthy to receive
Honor and pow'r divine;
And blessings, more than we can give,
Be, Lord, for ever Thine.

The whole creation joins in one
To bless the sacred name
Of Him who sits upon the throne,
And to adore the Lamb.

268 GAZE ON THE CHRIST

Behold the Lamb, the spotless Lamb,
Who takes away our sin;
The debt we faced was not erased,
But paid in full by Him.

Refrain:
Gaze on the Christ, our sacrifice
On altar made of wood.
Exalt the Lamb, the worthy Lamb,
Who bought us with His blood.

Behold the Lamb, the bleeding Lamb,
Who takes away the veil;
His body torn, His soul forlorn,
Christ cut to God a trail.

Behold the Lamb, the dying Lamb,
Who takes away just wrath;
God saw the blood of His beloved
And over us has passed.

Behold the Lamb, the risen Lamb,
Who takes away death's sting;
All knees shall bend, all praise ascend
To Christ, the living King.

269 I LAY MY SINS ON JESUS

I lay my sins on Jesus,
The spotless Lamb of God;
He bears them all, and frees us
From the accursed load.
I bring my guilt to Jesus,
To wash my crimson stains
White in His blood most precious,
Till not a spot remains.

I lay my wants on Jesus.
All fullness dwells in Him;
He heals all my diseases;
He doth my soul redeem.
I lay my griefs on Jesus,
My burdens and my cares;
He from them all releases;
He all my sorrows shares.

I long to be like Jesus,
Meek, loving, lowly, mild;
I long to be like Jesus,
The Father's holy Child;
I long to be with Jesus,
Amid the heav'nly throng;
To sing with saints His praises,
To learn the angels' song.

271 O SACRED HEAD, NOW WOUNDED

O sacred Head, now wounded,
With grief and shame weighed down,
Now scornfully surrounded
With thorns, Thine only crown;
How pale Thou art with anguish,
With sore abuse and scorn!
How does that visage languish
Which once was bright as morn!

What Thou, my Lord, hast suffered
Was all for sinners' gain:
Mine, mine was the transgression,
But Thine the deadly pain;
Lo, here I fall, my Savior!
'Tis I deserve Thy place;
Look on me with Thy favor,
Assist me with Thy grace.

My burden in Thy Passion,
Lord, Thou hast borne for me,
For it was my transgression
Which brought this woe on Thee.
I cast me down before Thee,
Wrath were my rightful lot;
Have mercy, I implore Thee;
Redeemer, spurn me not!

What language shall I borrow
To thank Thee, dearest Friend,
For this, Thy dying sorrow,
Thy pity without end?
O make me Thine forever,
And should I fainting be,
Lord, let me never, never
Outlive my love to Thee.

272 THE POWER OF THE CROSS

Oh, to see the dawn of the darkest day,
Christ on the road to Calvary.
Tried by sinful men, Torn and beaten then,
Nailed to a cross of wood.

Oh, to see the pain written on Your face,
Bearing the awesome weight of sin;
Ev'ry bitter thought, Ev'ry evil deed,
Crowning Your blood-stained brow.

Refrain:
This the pow'r of the cross:
Christ became sin for us;
Took the blame, bore the wrath,
We stand forgiven at the cross.

Now the daylight flees, now the ground beneath
Quakes as its Maker bows His head.
Curtain torn in two, Dead are raised to life,
"Finished!" the vict'ry cry.

Oh, to see my name written in the wounds,
For through Your suff'ring I am free.
Death is crushed to death, Life is mine to live,
Won through Your selfless love.

This the pow'r of the cross,
Son of God, slain for us.
What a love! What a cost!
We stand forgiven at the cross.

273 JESUS, KEEP ME NEAR THE CROSS

Jesus, keep me near the cross,
There a precious fountain,
Free to all, a healing stream,
Flows from Calv'ry's mountain.

Refrain:
In the cross, in the cross
Be my glory ever,
Till my ransomed soul shall find
Rest beyond the river.

Near the cross, a trembling soul,
Love and mercy found me;
There the Bright and Morning Star
Shed His beams around me.

Near the cross! O Lamb of God,
Bring its scenes before me;
Help me walk from day to day
With its shadow o'er me.

Near the cross! I'll watch and wait,
Hoping, trusting ever,
Till I reach the golden strand,
Just beyond the river.

274 WHEN I SURVEY THE WONDROUS CROSS (HAMBURG)

When I survey the wondrous cross
On which the Prince of Glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast,
Save in the death of Christ, my God;
All the vain things that charm me most,
I sacrifice them to His blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were a present far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

275 THE OLD RUGGED CROSS

On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross,
The emblem of suff'ring and shame;
And I love that old cross where the dearest and best
For a world of lost sinners was slain.

Refrain:
So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it someday for a crown.

Oh, that old rugged cross, so despised by the world,
Has a wondrous attraction for me;
For the dear Lamb of God left His glory above
To bear it to dark Calvary.

In the old rugged cross, stained with blood so divine,
Such a wonderful beauty I see;
For 'twas on that old cross Jesus suffered and died,
To pardon and sanctify me.

To the old rugged cross I will ever be true;
Its shame and reproach gladly bear.
Then He'll call me someday to my home far away,
Where His glory forever I'll share.

276 GO TO DARK GETHSEMANE

Go to dark Gethsemane,
All who feel the tempter's pow'r;
Your Redeemer's conflict see;
Watch with Him one bitter hour;
Turn not from His griefs away;
Learn from Jesus Christ to pray.

Follow to the judgment hall;
View the Lord of life arraigned;
Oh, the wormwood and the gall!
Oh, the pangs His soul sustained!
Shun not suff'ring, shame, or loss;
Learn from Him to bear the cross.

Calv'ry's mournful mountain climb;
There, adoring at His feet,
Mark that miracle of time,
God's own sacrifice complete;
"It is finished!" hear Him cry;
Learn from Jesus Christ to die.

Early hasten to the tomb
Where they laid His breathless clay;
All is solitude and gloom;
Who has taken Him away?
Christ is risen! He meets our eyes;
Savior, teach us so to rise.

277 LIFT HIGH THE CROSS

Come, Christians, follow where our Savior trod,
Our King victorious, Christ, the Son of God.

Refrain:
Lift high the cross, the love of Christ proclaim,
Till all the world adore His sacred name.

O Lord, once lifted on this glorious tree,
As Thou hast promised, draw men unto Thee.

For Thy blest cross which doth for all atone,
Creation's praises rise before Thy throne.

So shall our song of triumph ever be:
Praise to the Crucified for victory!

278 BENEATH THE CROSS OF JESUS

Beneath the cross of Jesus
I fain would take my stand,
The shadow of a mighty rock
Within a weary land;
A home within the wilderness,
A rest upon the way,
From the burning of the noontide heat
And the burden of the day.

There lies beneath its shadow
But on the further side
The darkness of an awful grave
That gapes both deep and wide;
And there between us stands the cross
Two arms outstretched to save
A watchman set to guard the way
From that eternal grave.

Upon that cross of Jesus
Mine eye at times can see
The very dying form of One
Who suffered there for me;
And from my smitten heart, with tears,
Two wonders I confess:
The wonders of redeeming love
And my unworthiness.

I take, O Cross, thy shadow
For my abiding place;
I ask no other sunshine than
The sunshine of His face;
Content to let the world go by,
To know no gain nor loss,
My sinful self, my only shame,
My glory all the cross.

279 THE WONDERFUL CROSS

When I survey the wondrous cross
On which the Prince of Glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Refrain:
Oh, the wonderful cross,
Oh, the wonderful cross
Bids me come and die
And find that I may truly live.
Oh, the wonderful cross,
Oh, the wonderful cross,
All who gather here by grace
Draw near and bless Your name.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were an off'ring far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

280 O MIGHTY CROSS

O mighty cross, Love lifted high,
The Lord of life raised there to die;
His sacrifice on Calvary
Has made the mighty cross a tree of life to me.

O mighty cross, what throne of grace,
He knew no sin, there yet took my place;
His sacrifice on Calvary
Has made the mighty cross a tree of life to me.

O mighty cross, O Christ, so pure,
Love held Him there, such shame endured;
His sacrifice on Calvary
Has made the mighty cross a tree of life to me.

O mighty cross, my soul's release;
The stripes He bore have brought me peace;
His sacrifice on Calvary
Has made the mighty cross a tree of life to me.

281 JESUS PAID IT ALL

I hear the Savior say,
"Thy strength indeed is small,
Child of weakness, watch and pray,
Find in Me thine all in all."

Refrain:
Jesus paid it all,
All to Him I owe;
Sin had left a crimson stain –
He washed it white as snow.

Lord, now indeed I find
Thy pow'r, and Thine alone,
Can change the leper's spots
And melt the heart of stone.

For nothing good have I
Whereby Thy grace to claim;
I'll wash my garments white
In the blood of Calv'ry's Lamb.

And when, before the throne,
I stand in Him complete,
"Jesus died my soul to save,"
My lips shall still repeat.

282 ALAS, AND DID MY SAVIOR BLEED?

Alas! and did my Savior bleed
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For such a worm as I?
Was it for crimes that I had done
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity! grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide
And shut His glories in,
When Christ, the mighty Maker, died
For man the creature's sin.
Thus might I hide my blushing face
While His dear cross appears,
Dissolve my heart in thankfulness
And melt my eyes with tears.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe;
Here, Lord, I give myself away,
'Tis all that I can do.
Alas! and did my Savior bleed
And did my Sov'reign die?
Amazing pity! grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

283 WERE YOU THERE?

284 AT THE CROSS

Alas, and did my Savior bleed,
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For such a worm as I?

Refrain:
At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light,
And the burden of my heart rolled away,
It was there by faith I received my sight,
And now I am happy all the day!

Was it for crimes that I had done
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity, grace unknown,
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide,
And shut His glories in,
When Christ, the mighty Maker, died
For man, the creature's sin.

Thus might I hide my blushing face
While His dear cross appears,
Dissolve my heart in thankfulness,
And melt my eyes to tears.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe;
Here, Lord, I give myself away,
'Tis all that I can do.

285 IN THE CROSS OF CHRIST I GLORY

In the cross of Christ I glory,
Tow'ring o'er the wrecks of time;
All the light of sacred story
Gathers round its head sublime.

When the woes of life o'ertake me,
Hopes deceive and fears annoy,
Never shall the cross forsake me:
Lo! it glows with peace and joy.

When the sun of bliss is beaming
Light and love upon my way,
From the cross the radiance streaming
Adds new brightness to the day.

Bane and blessing, pain and pleasure,
By the cross are sanctified;
Peace is there that knows no measure,
Joys that through all time abide.

286 BENEATH THE CROSS

Beneath the cross of Jesus,
I find a place to stand,
And wonder at such mercy
That calls me as I am;
For hands that should discard me
Hold wounds which tell me, "Come."
Beneath the cross of Jesus,
My unworthy soul is won.

Beneath the cross of Jesus,
His fam'ly is my own;
Once strangers chasing selfish dreams,
Now one through grace alone.
How could I now dishonor
The ones that You have loved?
Beneath the cross of Jesus,
See the children called by God.

Beneath the cross of Jesus,
The path before the crown,
We follow in His footsteps
Where promised hope is found.
How great the joy before us
To be His perfect bride!
Beneath the cross of Jesus
We will gladly live our lives.

287 HALLELUJAH FOR THE CROSS

Up to the hill of Calvary,
My Savior went courageously.
And there He bled and died for me,
Hallelujah for the cross.
And on that day the world was changed,
A final perfect Lamb was slain.
Let earth and heaven now proclaim:
Hallelujah for the cross.

Refrain:
Hallelujah for the war He fought.
Love has won, death has lost.
Hallelujah for the souls He bought.
Hallelujah for the cross.

What good I've done could never save,
My debt too great for deeds to pay.
But God, my Savior made a way,
Hallelujah for the cross.
A slave to sin, my life was bound.
But all my chains fell to the ground
When Jesus' blood came flowing down.
Hallelujah for the cross.

And when I breathe my final breath,
I'll have no need to fear that rest.
This hope will guide me into death.
Hallelujah for the cross.
Hallelujah for the souls He bought.
Hallelujah for the cross.

288 WHAT SACRED FOUNTAIN FREELY SPRINGS

What sacred fountain freely springs
Up from the throne of God,
And all new cov'nant blessings brings?
It's Jesus' precious blood.

Refrain:
O precious blood, it covers me,
It takes away the stain of sin.
Such pow'r there is contained within
Jesus' precious blood.

What a mighty sum paid all my debt
When I a bankrupt stood,
And has my life in credit set?
It's Jesus' precious blood.

What stream is that, which sweeps away
My sin just like a flood,
So not a hint of it can stay?
It's Jesus' precious blood.

What voice is that which speaks for me
In heav'n's high court for good,
And justifies and sets me free?
It's Jesus' precious blood.

What theme my soul shall best employ
Your song before your God,
And make all heaven ring for joy?
It's Jesus' precious blood.

289 IN THE CROSS ALONE I GLORY

In the cross alone I glory,
Recognition laying down.
Greatest treasures count as worthless
Standing next to heaven's crowns.

In the cross alone I glory,
Ever reaching for the prize.
Pressing on and laying hold of
That for which my Savior died.

In the cross alone I glory,
Holding fast the word of life.
Toiling not in vain, but being
Poured out as a sacrifice.

Never will I seek the glory,
That was never meant for me.
Always heavenward reflecting,
All to Jesus to receive.

In the cross alone I glory;
Nothing of my own to give.
Only that which Christ has offered
For my soul that I may live,
For my soul that I may live.

290 WHEN I SURVEY THE WONDROUS CROSS (O WALY, WALY)

When I survey the wondrous cross
On which the Prince of glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast,
Save in the death of Christ, my God;
All the vain things that charm me most,
I sacrifice them to His blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were a present far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

291 ARISE, MY SOUL, ARISE

Arise, my soul, arise;
Shake off thy guilty fears;
The bleeding sacrifice
In my behalf appears;
Before the throne my Surety stands,
My name is written on His hands.

Five bleeding wounds He bears,
Received on Calvary;
They pour effectual prayers,
They strongly plead for me;
"Forgive him, O forgive," they cry,
"Nor let that ransomed sinner die!"

The Father hears Him pray,
His dear Anointed One;
He cannot turn away
The presence of His Son;
His Spirit answers to the blood,
And tells me I am born of God.

To God I'm reconciled;
His pard'ning voice I hear;
He owns me for His child;
I can no longer fear;
With confidence I now draw nigh,
And "Father, Abba, Father," cry.

292 HOW RICH A TREASURE WE POSSESS

How rich a treasure we possess
In Jesus Christ, our Lord.
His blood, our ransom and defense;
His glory, our reward.
The sum of all created things
Are worthless in compare,
For our inheritance is Him
Whose praise angels declare.

How free and costly was the love
Displayed upon the cross!
While we were dead in untold sin,
The Sov'reign purchased us.
The will of God, the Father
Demonstrated through the Son,
The Spirit seals the greatest work,
The work which Christ has done.

How vast and measureless the flood
Of mercy unrestrained!
The penalty was paid in full;
The spotless Lamb was slain.
Salvation, what a priceless gift,
Received by grace through faith,
We stand in robes of righteousness;
We stand in Jesus' Name.

Refrain:
For Yours is the Kingdom
And the pow'r and the glory.
Yours is the Kingdom
And the pow'r and the glory. Amen.

293 ALAS, AND DID MY SAVIOR BLEED? (AVON)

Alas, and did my Savior bleed
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For sinners such as I?

Was it for crimes that I had done
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity, grace unknown,
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide,
And shut His glories in,
When Christ the mighty Maker died
For man the creature's sin.

Thus might I hide my blushing face
While His dear cross appears,
Dissolve my heart in thankfulness,
And melt mine eyes to tears.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe;
Here, Lord, I give myself away,
'Tis all that I can do.

294 O FOUNT OF LOVE

O fount of love divine that flows
From my Savior's bleeding side
Where sinners trade their filthy rags
For His righteousness applied.
Mercy cleansing ev'ry stain,
Now rushing o'er us like a flood;
There the wretch and vilest ones
Stand adopted through His blood.

O mount of grace, to Thee we cling,
From the law hath set us free.
Once and for all on Calv'ry's hill,
Love and justice shall agree.
Praise the Lord! The price is paid,
The curse defeated by the Lamb.
We who once were slaves by birth
With hymns of praise daughters now we stand.

O well of joy is mine to drink,
For my Lord has conquered death.
Victorious forever more,
The ancient foe is laid to rest.
Hallelujah! Christ is King,
Alive and reigning on the throne;
Our tongues employed with hymns of praise:
Glory be to God alone.

296 HALLELUJAH, WHAT A SAVIOR!

"Man of sorrows!" what a name
For the Son of God who came
Ruined sinners to reclaim!
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

Bearing shame and scoffing rude,
In my place condemned He stood;
Sealed my pardon with His blood;
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

Guilty, vile and helpless we,
Spotless Lamb of God was He;
Full atonement, can it be?
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

Lifted up was He to die,
"It is finished," was His cry;
Now in heav'n exalted high;
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

When He comes, our glorious King,
All His ransomed home to bring,
Then anew this song we'll sing:
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

298 SEE THE DESTINED DAY ARISE

See the destined day arise!
See a willing sacrifice!
Jesus, to redeem our loss,
Hangs upon the shameful cross;
Jesus, who but You could bear
Wrath so great and justice fair?
Ev'ry pang and bitter throe,
Finishing Your life of woe?

Refrain:
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Lamb of God for sinners slain!
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Jesus Christ, we praise Your name!

Who but Christ had dared to drain,
Steeped in gall, the cup of pain,
And with tender body bear
Thorns and nails and piercing spear?
Slain for us, the water flowed,
Mingled from Your side with blood;
And to all attesting eyes
Signs of the finished sacrifice.

Holy Jesus, grant us grace
In that sacrifice to place
All our trust for life renewed,
Pardoned sin, and promised good.
Grant us grace to sing Your praise,
'Round Your throne through endless days,
Ever with the sons of light:
"Blessing, honor, glory, might!"

299 CROSS OF JESUS, CROSS OF SORROW

Cross of Jesus, cross of sorrow,
Where the blood of Christ was shed,
Perfect man on Thee did suffer,
Perfect God on Thee has bled.

Here the King of all the ages,
Throned in light ere worlds could be,
Robed in mortal flesh is dying,
Crucified by sin for me.

Oh, mysterious condescending!
Oh, abandonment sublime!
Very God Himself is bearing
All the sufferings of time!

Evermore for human failure
By His passion we can plead;
God has borne all mortal anguish,
Surely He will know our need.

300 MY JESUS, FAIR

My Jesus, fair, was pierced by thorns,
By thorns grown from the fall.
Thus He who gave the curse was torn
To end that curse for all.

Refrain:
O love divine, O matchless grace–
That God should die for men!
With joyful grief I lift my praise,
Abhorring all my sin, adoring only Him.

My Jesus, meek, was scorned by men,
By men in blasphemy.
"Father, forgive their senseless sin!"
He prayed, for them, for me.

My Jesus, kind, was torn by nails,
By nails of cruel men.
And to His cross, as grace prevailed,
God pinned my wretched sin.

My Jesus, pure, was crushed by God,
By God, in judgment just.
The Father grieved, yet turned His rod
On Christ, made sin for us.

My Jesus, strong, shall come to reign,
To reign in majesty.
The Lamb arose, and death is slain.
Lord, come in victory!

301 THERE IS A FOUNTAIN

There is a fountain filled with blood
Drawn from Immanuel's veins;
And sinners plunged beneath that flood
Lose all their guilty stains:
Lose all their guilty stains,
Lose all their guilty stains;
And sinners plunged beneath that flood
Lose all their guilty stains.

The dying thief rejoiced to see
That fountain in his day;
And there may I, though vile as he,
Wash all my sins away:
Wash all my sins away,
Wash all my sins away;
And there may I, though vile as he,
Wash all my sins away.

E'er since by faith I saw the stream
Thy flowing wounds supply,
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die:
And shall be till I die,
And shall be till I die;
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.

When this poor lisping, stamm'ring tongue
Lies silent in the grave,
Then in a nobler, sweeter song
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save:
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save;
Then in a nobler, sweeter song
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save.

302 NOTHING BUT THE BLOOD

What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Refrain:
Oh! precious is the flow
That makes me white as snow;
No other fount I know,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

For my pardon, this I see,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
For my cleansing, this my plea,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Nothing can for sin atone,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
Naught of good that I have done,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

This is all my hope and peace,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
This is all my righteousness,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

303 STRICKEN, SMITTEN, AND AFFLICTED

304 HE WAS WOUNDED

He was wounded for our transgressions,
He bore our sins in His body on the tree;
For our guilt He gave us peace,
And with His stripes,
And with His stripes our souls are healed.

He was numbered among transgressors,
We did esteem Him forsaken by His God;
As our sacrifice He died,
And all our sin,
And all our sin was laid on Him.

We had wandered, we all had wandered
Far from the fold of the Shepherd of the sheep;
But He sought us where we were,
And brought us home,
And brought us safely home to God.

Who can number His generation?
Who shall declare all the triumphs of His cross?
Millions dead, now live again,
Myriads follow in His train!
Victorious Lord, victorious Lord, and coming King!

305 LEAD ME TO CALVARY

King of my life, I crown Thee now,
Thine shall the glory be;
Lest I forget Thy thorn-crowned brow,
Lead me to Calvary.

Refrain:
Lest I forget Gethsemane;
Lest I forget Thine agony;
Lest I forget Thy love for me,
Lead me to Calvary.

Show me the tomb where Thou wast laid,
Tenderly mourned and wept;
Angels in robes of light arrayed
Guarded Thee while Thou slept.

Let me like Mary, through the gloom,
Come with a gift to Thee;
Show to me now the empty tomb,
Lead me to Calvary.

May I be willing, Lord, to bear
Daily my cross for Thee;
Even Thy cup of grief to share,
Thou hast borne all for me.

307 CHRIST AROSE!

Low in the grave He lay –
Jesus, my Savior!
Waiting the coming day –
Jesus, my Lord!

Refrain:
Up from the grave He arose,
With a mighty triumph o'er His foes;
He arose a victor from the dark domain,
And He lives forever with His saints to reign.
He arose! He arose!
Hallelujah! Christ arose!

Vainly they watch His bed –
Jesus, my Savior!
Vainly they seal the dead –
Jesus, my Lord!

Death cannot keep his prey –
Jesus, my Savior!
He tore the bars away –
Jesus, my Lord!

308 CHRIST IS RISEN, HE IS RISEN INDEED!

How can it be the One who died
Has borne our sin in sacrifice,
To conquer ev'ry sting of death?
Sing, sing, "Hallelujah!"

Refrain:
Christ is risen, He is risen indeed!
Oh, sing "Hallelujah!"
Join the chorus, sing with the redeemed:
"Christ is risen, He's risen indeed!"

For joy awakes as dawning light
When Christ's disciples lift their eyes.
Alive He stands, their friend and King:
Christ, Christ He is risen.

Where doubt and darkness once had been,
They saw Him and their hearts believed;
But blessed are those who have not seen,
Yet sing "Hallelujah!"

Once bound by fear, now bold in faith,
They preached the truth and pow'r of grace
And pouring out their lives they gained
Life, life everlasting.

The pow'r that raised Him from the grave
Now works in us to pow'rfully save;
He frees our hearts to live His grace.
Go, tell of His goodness.

309 JESUS CHRIST IS RISEN TODAY

Jesus Christ is risen today, Alleluia!
Our triumphant holy day, Alleluia!
Who did once, upon the cross, Alleluia!
Suffer to redeem our loss, Alleluia!

Hymns of praise, then, let us sing, Alleluia!
Unto Christ, our heav'nly King, Alleluia!
Who endured the cross and grave, Alleluia!
Sinners to redeem and save, Alleluia!

But the pains which He endured, Alleluia!
Our salvation have procured, Alleluia!
Now above the sky He's King, Alleluia!
Where the angels ever sing, Alleluia!

Sing we to our God above, Alleluia!
Praise eternal as His love, Alleluia!
Praise Him, all you heav'nly host, Alleluia!
Father, Son and Holy Ghost, Alleluia!

310 RESURRECTION HYMN

See, what a morning, gloriously bright,
With the dawning of hope in Jerusalem;
Folded the grave-clothes, tomb filled with light,
As the angels announce, "Christ is risen!"
See God's salvation plan,
Wrought in love, borne in pain, paid in sacrifice;
Fulfilled in Christ, the Man,
For He lives: Christ is risen from the dead!

See Mary weeping, "Where is He laid?"
As in sorrow she turns from the empty tomb;
Hears a voice speaking, calling her name;
It's the Master, the Lord, raised to life again!
The voice that spans the years,
Speaking life, stirring hope, bringing peace to us,
Will sound till He appears,
For He lives: Christ is risen from the dead!

One with the Father, Ancient of Days,
Thru the Spirit who clothes faith with certainty;
Honor and blessing, glory and praise
To the King crowned with pow'r and authority!
And we are raised with Him,
Death is dead, love has won, Christ has conquered;
And we shall reign with Him,
For He lives: Christ is risen from the dead!

312 CHRIST THE LORD IS RISEN TODAY

Christ the Lord is risen today, Alleluia!
Sons of men and angels say: Alleluia!
Raise your joys and triumphs high, Alleluia!
Sing, ye heav'ns, and earth reply: Alleluia!

Lives again our glorious King, Alleluia!
Where, O death, is now thy sting? Alleluia!
Dying once He all doth save, Alleluia!
Where thy victory, O grave? Alleluia!

Love's redeeming work is done, Alleluia!
Fought the fight, the battle won, Alleluia!
Death in vain forbids Him rise, Alleluia!
Christ has opened Paradise, Alleluia!

Soar we now where Christ has led, Alleluia!
Foll'wing our exalted Head, Alleluia!
Made like Him, like Him we rise, Alleluia!
Ours the cross, the grave, the skies, Alleluia!

313 HAIL THE DAY THAT CHRIST AROSE

Hail the day that Christ arose,
Through the skies to worlds unknown.
Glorious there He ever reigns,
Object of all heaven's praise.

Refrain:
Hallelujah, hallelujah,
The King of love is on His throne.
Hallelujah, hallelujah,
His grace will lead us safely home.

See Him lift His hands above,
See the scars of His great love.
He has conquered death and sin,
Saving all who hope in Him.

Though He dwells beyond the stars,
His redeemed are on His heart.
Even now He intercedes,
Jesus cares for all our needs.

Hallelujah, we are redeemed.
Hallelujah, Jesus is King!

315 HAIL THE DAY THAT SEES HIM RISE

Hail the day that sees Him rise, Alleluia!
To His throne beyond the skies, Alleluia!
Christ, the Lamb for sinners giv'n, Alleluia!
Enters now the highest heav'n, Alleluia!

There for Him high triumph waits, Alleluia!
Lift your heads, eternal gates, Alleluia!
He has conquered death and sin, Alleluia!
Take the King of glory in, Alleluia!

Highest heav'n its Lord receives, Alleluia!
Yet He loves the ones He leaves, Alleluia!
Though returning to His throne, Alleluia!
Still He calls us all His own, Alleluia!

Still for us He intercedes, Alleluia!
His atoning death He pleads, Alleluia!
Near Himself prepares our place, Alleluia!
He the first fruits of our race, Alleluia!

There we shall with You remain, Alleluia!
Partners of Your endless reign, Alleluia!
There Your face unclouded see, Alleluia!
Find our heav'n of heav'ns in Thee, Alleluia!

316 SPIRIT OF GOD, DESCEND UPON MY HEART

Spirit of God, descend upon my heart;
Wean it from earth; through all its pulses move.
Stoop to my weakness, mighty as Thou art,
And make me love Thee as I ought to love.

Teach me to know that Thou art always nigh;
Teach me the struggles of the soul to bear.
To check the rising doubt, the rebel sigh;
Teach me the patience of unanswered prayer.

Hast Thou not bid me love Thee, God and King?
All, all Thine own, soul, heart and strength and mind.
I see the cross – there teach my heart to cling;
O let me seek Thee, and O let me find.

Teach me to love Thee as Thine angels love,
One holy passion filling all my frame;
The baptism of the heav'n-descended Dove,
My heart an altar and Thy love the flame.

317 LIGHT OF GOD

Light of God, come dwell within Your people
As intended from the dawn of time.
Make Your goodness, echoed through creation,
Our desire, joy of the Divine.

Light of God, come to Your fallen people,
As we follow in the steps of Christ.
May Your fragrance beautify Your people,
As we mirror our Creator's light.

Light of God, come claim Christ's stolen glory,
Burn the shadows with the flame of truth.
May Your church rise, stars within the darkness,
Giving glory to the Lord of Light.

Light Divine, come, Father of all beauty,
Son of goodness, Spirit of all truth,
Move us, use us, people of Your vision,
As we wait for our returning King.

Refrain:
Holy Spirit, break through our darkness;
Holy Spirit, breathe through our lives.
Light of God, come, radiant and glorious,
Perfect wisdom in this world today.

318 HOLY SPIRIT, LIVING BREATH OF GOD

Holy Spirit, living Breath of God,
Breathe new life into my willing soul.
Bring the presence of the Risen Lord,
To renew my heart and make me whole.
Cause Your word to come alive in me;
Give me faith for what I cannot see;
Give me passion for Your purity;
Holy Spirit, breathe new life in me.

Holy Spirit, come abide within;
May Your joy be seen in all I do.
Love enough to cover ev'ry sin
In each thought and deed and attitude.
Kindness to the greatest and the least;
Gentleness that sows the path of peace;
Turn my striving into works of grace;
Breath of God, show Christ in all I do.

Holy Spirit, from creation's birth,
Giving life to all that God has made.
Show Your pow'r once again on earth;
Cause Your church to hunger for Your ways.
Let the fragrance of our prayers arise;
Lead us on the road of sacrifice,
That in unity the face of Christ
Will be clear for all the world to see.

319 BREATHE ON ME, BREATH OF GOD

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Fill me with life anew,
That I may love what You do love,
And do what You would do.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Until my heart is pure,
Until my will is one with Yours,
To do and to endure.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Till I am wholly Thine,
Till all this earthly part of me
Glows with Thy fire divine.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
So shall I never die,
But live with You the perfect life
Of Your eternity.

321 COME DOWN, O LOVE DIVINE

Come down, O Love divine,
Seek Thou this soul of mine,
And visit it with Thine own ardor glowing;
O Comforter, draw near,
Within my heart appear,
And kindle it, Thy holy flame bestowing.

Oh, let it freely burn,
Till earthly passions turn
To dust and ashes in its heat consuming;
And let Thy glorious light
Shine ever on my sight,
And clothe me round, the while my path illuming.

And so the yearning strong,
With which the soul will long,
Shall far outpass the pow'r of human telling;
For none can guess its grace,
Till Love create a place
Wherein the Holy Spirit makes a dwelling.

324 GOD, OUR FATHER, WE ADORE THEE

God, our Father, we adore Thee!
We, Thy children, bless Thy name!
Chosen in the Christ before Thee,
We are "holy, without blame."
We adore Thee! we adore Thee!
Abba's praises we proclaim!

Son Eternal, we adore Thee!
Lamb upon the throne on high!
Lamb of God, we bow before Thee,
Thou hast brought Thy people nigh!
We adore Thee! we adore Thee!
Son of God, who came to die!

Holy Spirit, we adore Thee!
Paraclete and heav'nly guest!
Sent from God and from the Savior,
Thou hast led us into rest.
We adore Thee! we adore Thee!
By Thy grace forever blest!

Father, Son and Holy Spirit,
Three in One! we give Thee praise!
For the riches we inherit,
Heart and voice to Thee we raise!
We adore Thee! we adore Thee!
Thee we bless thru endless days!

325 O SING, MY SOUL

O sing, my soul, the ancient song,
And lend Your highest praise
To Him who is the King of old
And dwells in endless days.
How resplendent His glory!
How majestic His Name!
Now to the Uncreated One,
Oh, let the anthem raise.

O worship Him, our Father God,
The Spirit and the Word,
Who fashioned all things from His joy
And saw that it was good.
What perfection of friendship,
What communion we shared!
But choosing death, we fell from life
Aside the guilty pair.

Now hear, my soul, the gospel song,
Attend the joyful news,
For Christ has come, the perfect Son,
His Father's will to choose.
In our place He did suffer,
In our place became sin.
The death of death, the death of Christ
Who stands alive again!

Now, people of the risen Lord,
O hear the call to go.
Into the world we have been sent
As messengers of hope.
Christ alone be our treasure,
Christ alone our reward.
Come, bid the nations sing with us
The praises of the Lord.

326 COME, THOU ALMIGHTY KING

Come, Thou almighty King,
Help us Thy Name to sing,
Help us to praise:
Father, all glorious,
O'er all victorious,
Come and reign over us,
Ancient of Days.

Come, Thou Incarnate Word,
Gird on Thy mighty sword,
Our prayer attend!
Come, and Thy people bless,
And give Thy word success:
Spirit of holiness,
On us descend!

Come, Holy Comforter,
Thy sacred witness bear
In this glad hour!
Thou, who almighty art,
Now rule in every heart,
And ne'er from us depart,
Spirit of power!

To Thee, great One in Three,
Eternal praises be,
Hence, evermore!
Thy sov'reign majesty
May we in glory see,
And to eternity
Love and adore.

327 HOLY GOD, WE PRAISE THY NAME

Holy God, we praise Thy name;
Lord of all, we bow before Thee;
All on earth Thy scepter claim,
All in heav'n above adore Thee.
Infinite Thy vast domain;
Everlasting is Thy reign.

Hark, the glad celestial hymn
Angel choirs above are raising;
Cherubim and seraphim
In unceasing chorus praising;
Fill the heav'ns with sweet accord:
Holy, holy, holy Lord.

Holy Father, holy Son,
Holy Spirit: Three we name Thee,
Though in essence only One,
Undivided God we claim Thee,
And adoring bend the knee
While we sing our praise to Thee.

328 PRAISE YE THE TRIUNE GOD

Praise ye the Father for His loving-kindness,
Tenderly cares He for His erring children;
Praise Him, ye angels, praise Him in the heavens,
Praise ye Jehovah!

Praise ye the Savior, great is His compassion,
Graciously cares He for His chosen people;
Young men and women, praise ye old men and children,
Praise ye the Savior!

Praise ye the Spirit, Comforter of Israel,
Sent of the Father and the Son to bless us;
Praise ye the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit,
Praise ye the Triune God!

329 YOU ARE THE LORD!

You are eternal, God of ages past,
Alpha, Omega, You, the First, the Last!
None may compare, there is no god beside You.
Holy! Unchanging! There is none like You!

Refrain:
You are the LORD! You are our God!
Father, Son, and Spirit! You are the LORD!

You are Creator, God of ev'rything,
You spread the heav'ns, You made the stars to sing;
You made the earth, creating man to know You.
Sov'reign! Almighty! There is none like You!

You are Redeemer, God of boundless love,
Father who chooses, Son who shed Your blood,
Spirit who grants new birth that we might trust You.
Gracious and merciful! There is none like You!

You are exalted, God of endless praise,
Saints from all nations praise You all their days.
Gathered around Your throne, we will exalt You.
Worthy and glorious! There is none like You!

330 A TRIUNE PRAYER

Blessed Father, hear our cry.
Cast out sin, but draw us nigh.
Not for merit we have none;
For Your mercy, for Your Son.

Blessed Jesus, make our plea.
In Your name to God we flee.
Thru Your blood we seek His face;
By Your priesthood claim His grace.

Blessed Spirit, meet our need;
In our silence intercede.
Translate groans we cannot speak;
Heal the broken, help the weak.

Triune God, please grant our prayer
As Your glory we declare.
May Your promised kingdom come;
May Your will on earth be done.

332 OH, HOW GOOD IT IS

Oh, how good it is when the family of God
Dwells together in spirit, in faith and unity.
Where the bonds of peace, of acceptance and love
Are the fruits of His presence here among us.

Oh, how good it is on this journey we share,
To rejoice with the happy and weep with those who mourn.
For the weak find strength, the afflicted find grace
When we offer the blessing of belonging.

Oh, how good it is to embrace His command
To prefer one another, forgive as He forgives.
When we live as one, we all share in the love
Of the Son with the Father and the Spirit.

Refrain:
So with one voice we'll sing to the Lord;
And with one heart we'll live out His Word.
Till the whole earth sees the Redeemer has come,
For He dwells in the presence of His people.

334 BRETHREN, WE HAVE MET TO WORSHIP

Brethren, we have met to worship
And adore the Lord our God;
Will you pray with all your power,
While we try to preach the Word?
All is vain unless the Spirit
Of the Holy One comes down;
Brethren, pray, and holy manna
Will be showered all around.

Brethren, see poor sinners round you
Slumb'ring on the brink of woe;
Death is coming, hell is moving,
Can you bear to let them go?
See our fathers and our mothers,
And our children sinking down;
Brethren, pray, and holy manna
Will be showered all around.

Let us love our God supremely,
Let us love each other, too;
Let us love and pray for sinners,
Till our God makes all things new.
Then He'll call us home to heaven,
At His table we'll sit down;
Christ will gird Himself, and serve us
With sweet manna all around.

335 WHO IS ON THE LORD'S SIDE?

Who is on the Lord's side?
Who will serve the King?
Who will be His helpers,
Other lives to bring?
Who will leave the world's side?
Who will face the foe?
Who is on the Lord's side?
Who for Him will go?
By Thy call of mercy,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side –
Savior, we are Thine!

Not for weight of glory,
Not for crown and palm,
Enter we the army,
Raise the warrior psalm;
But for love that claimeth
Lives for whom He died:
He whom Jesus nameth
Must be on His side.
By Thy love constraining,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side –
Savior, we are Thine!

Jesus, Thou hast bought us,
Not with gold or gem,
But with Thine own life-blood,
For Thy diadem;
With Thy blessing filling
All who come to Thee,
Thou hast made us willing,
Thou hast made us free.
By Thy grand redemption,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side –
Savior, we are Thine!

Fierce may be the conflict,
Strong may be the foe,
But the King's own army
None can overthrow;
'Round His standard ranging,
Vict'ry is secure,
For His truth unchanging
Makes the triumph sure.
Joyfully enlisting,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side –
Savior, we are Thine!

337 JEHOVAH'S BRIDE

We are His, Jehovah's bride!
We are one with heaven's King.
Lifted to the Savior's side,
With elation let us sing.
Who are we to wed the Lord
To be held in His embrace?
Drawn by love's descending cord,
We are His, a bride of grace.

We are His, a cherished bride,
Loved at such a lavish price.
Heaven's justice satisfied,
Paid by heaven's sacrifice.
Who are we to be adored
By the Lamb who took our place?
Held by love's almighty cord,
We are His, a bride of grace.

We are His, a faithful bride,
And our hearts within us burn.
"Come Lord Jesus," we have sighed,
For our Groom alone we yearn.
How we long for our reward
To behold His lovely face.
Safe in love's eternal cord,
We are His, a bride of grace.

338 O CHURCH OF CHRIST, INVINCIBLE

O Church of Christ, invincible,
The people of the Lord;
Empowered by the Spirit's breath,
And nourished by His Word.
His covenant of grace will be
Our portion evermore;
For He who called us will not change,
Our help and our reward.

O chosen people called by grace,
The sons of Abraham,
Who walk by faith in things unseen
And on His promise stand,
That ev'ry nation of the earth
Will hear of boundless love
That causes broken hearts to heal
And pays our debts with blood.

O Church of Christ in sorrow now,
Where evil lies in wait,
When trials and persecutions come
This light will never fade.
For though the hordes of hell may rage,
Their pow'r will not endure;
Our anchor is secure.

O Church of Christ, upon that day,
When all are gathered in,
When ev'ry tear is wiped away
With ev'ry trace of sin;
Where justice, truth and beauty shine,
And death has passed away;
Where God and man will dwell as one
For all eternity!

339 RISE UP, O MEN OF GOD!

Rise up, O men of God!
Have done with lesser things;
Give heart and mind and soul and strength
To serve the King of kings.

Rise up, O men of God!
His kingdom tarries long;
Bring in the day of brotherhood
And end the night of wrong.

Rise up, O men of God!
The church for you doth wait,
Her strength unequal to her task;
Rise up, and make her great!

Lift high the cross of Christ!
Tread where His feet have trod;
As brothers of the Son of Man,
Rise up, O men of God!

341 NEVER CEASE TO PRAISE

May we run this race, may we keep the faith,
May our eyes be fixed on Jesus,
That we'll not lose heart in our struggle with sin,
And through suffering, know endurance.
May we arm ourselves with the mind of Christ,
To rejoice in trials.

May our company be the saints You've called,
May we all stand firm in one spirit,
That the gospel's truth may resound on earth,
That all living things may hear it.
May the fruits of faith mark the path we trod
Through the life of Christ.

May the words we share be Your grace and peace.
May our tongues speak Your proclamations
That the many parts of the body of Christ
Be affirmed in their right relation.
As we long and wait for the groom to come,
May we learn to love and never cease to praise.

When that day arrives, and our race is won,
When our griefs give way to deliv'rance,
We will fully know as we're fully known
All our groans will end as new songs begin
And a multitude from ev'ry tribe and tongue,
Wearing robes of white will never cease to praise.

343 THE COMMUNION HYMN

Behold the Lamb who bears our sins away
Slain for us, and we remember
The promise made that all who come in faith
Find forgiveness at the cross.
So we share in this bread of life
And we drink of His sacrifice
As a sign of our bonds of peace
Around the table of the King.

The body of our Savior Jesus Christ
Torn for you, eat and remember
The wounds that heal, the death that brings us life
Paid the price to make us one.
So we share in this bread of life
And we drink of His sacrifice
As a sign of our bonds of love
Around the table of the King.

The blood that cleanses every stain of sin
Shed for you, drink and remember
He drained death's cup that all may enter in
To receive the life of God.
So we share in this bread of life
And we drink of His sacrifice
As a sign of our bonds of grace
Around the table of the King.

And so with thankfulness and faith we rise
To respond, and to remember
Our call to follow in the steps of Christ
As His body here on earth.
As we share His suffering
We proclaim Christ will come again!
And we'll join in the feast of heav'n
Around the table of the King.

346 A CHRISTIAN HOME

O give us homes built firm upon the Savior,
Where Christ is Head and Counsellor and Guide;
Where ev'ry child is taught His love and favor
And gives his heart to Christ, the Crucified:
How sweet to know that, though his footsteps waver,
His faithful Lord is walking by his side!

O give us homes with godly fathers, mothers,
Who always place their hope and trust in Him;
Whose tender patience turmoil never bothers,
Whose calm and courage trouble cannot dim;
A home where each finds joy in serving others,
And love still shines, though days be dark and grim.

O give us homes where Christ is Lord and Master,
The Bible read, the precious hymns still sung;
Where prayer comes first in peace or in disaster,
And praise is natural speech to ev'ry tongue;
Where mountains move before a faith that's vaster,
And Christ sufficient is for old and young.

O Lord, our God, our homes are Thine forever!
We trust to Thee their problems, toil, and care;
Their bonds of love no enemy can sever
If Thou art always Lord and Master there:
Be Thou the center of our least endeavor–
Be Thou our guest, our hearts and homes to share.

347 SO SEND I YOU

So send I you, by grace made strong to triumph
O'er hosts of hell, o'er darkness, death and sin,
My name to bear, and in that name to conquer;
So send I you, My victory to win.

So send I you, to take to souls in bondage
The Word of truth that sets the captive free,
To break the bonds of sin, to loose death's fetters;
So send I you, to bring the lost to Me.

So send I you, My strength to know in weakness,
My joy in grief, My perfect peace in pain,
To prove My power, My promised presence;
So send I you, eternal fruit to gain.

So send I you, to bear My cross with patience,
And then one day with joy to lay it down,
To hear My voice, "Well done, My faithful servant";
Come, share My throne, My kingdom and My crown.

"As the Father hath sent Me, So send I you."

348 FACING A TASK UNFINISHED

Facing a task unfinished,
That drives us to our knees,
A need that, undiminished,
Rebukes our slothful ease.
We, who rejoice to know Thee,
Renew before Thy throne
The solemn pledge we owe Thee–
To go and make Thee known.

Refrain:
We go to all the world,
With kingdom hope unfurled.
No other name has pow'r to save
But Jesus Christ, the Lord.

Where other lords beside Thee
Hold their unhindered sway;
Where forces that defied Thee
Defy Thee still today.
With none to heed their crying
For life, and love, and light,
Unnumbered souls are dying
And pass into the night.

We bear the torch that, flaming,
Fell from the hands of those
Who gave their lives proclaiming
That Jesus died and rose.
Ours is the same commission,
The same glad message ours;
Fired by the same ambition,
To Thee we yield our pow'rs.

O Father who sustained them,
O Spirit who inspired,
Savior, whose love constrained them
To toil with zeal untired,
From cowardice defend us,
From lethargy awake!
Forth on Thine errands send us
To labor for Thy sake.

349 SALVATION'S SONG

Loved before the dawn of time;
Chosen by my Maker,
Hidden in my Savior,
I am His and He is mine,
Cherished for eternity.

Refrain:
So with ev'ry breath that I am given
I will sing salvation's song.
And I'll join the chorus of creation,
Giving praise to Christ alone.
Singing, "Glory, honor, wisdom, power,
To the Lamb upon the throne!"
Hallelujah, I will lift Him high!
Singing, I will sing with ev'ry breath that I am given
I will sing salvation's song.
And I'll join the chorus of creation,
Giving praise to Christ alone.

When I'm stained with guilt and sin,
He is there to lift me,
Heal me and forgive me;
Gives me strength to stand again,
Stronger than I was before.

All the claims of Satan's curse;
Lifted through His off'ring,
Satisfied through suff'ring;
All the blessings He deserves,
Poured on my unworthy soul.

Stars will fade and mountains fall;
Christ will shine forever,
Love's unfading splendor.
Earth and heav'n will bow in awe,
Joining in salvation's song.

350 HOW SWEET AND AWEFUL IS THE PLACE

How sweet and aweful is the place
With Christ within the doors,
While everlasting love displays
The choicest of her stores.

While all our hearts and all our songs
Join to admire the feast,
Each of us cries, with thankful tongues,
"Lord, why was I a guest?"

"Why was I made to hear Thy voice
And enter while there's room,
When thousands make a wretched choice,
And rather starve than come?"

'Twas the same love that spread the feast
That sweetly drew us in;
Else we had still refused to taste,
And perished in our sin.

Pity the nations, O our God,
Constrain the earth to come;
Send Thy victorious Word abroad,
And bring the strangers home.

We long to see Thy churches full,
That all the chosen race
May, with one voice and heart and soul,
Sing Thy redeeming grace.

352 I LOVE THY KINGDOM, LORD

I love Thy kingdom, Lord,
The house of Thine abode,
The Church our blest Redeemer saved
With His own precious blood.

I love Thy Church, O God!
Her walls before Thee stand,
Dear as the apple of Thine eye,
And graven on Thy hand.

For her my tears shall fall;
For her my prayers ascend;
To her my cares and toils be giv'n,
Till toils and cares shall end.

Beyond my highest joy
I prize her heav'nly ways,
Her sweet communion, solemn vows,
Her hymns of love and praise.

Sure as Thy truth shall last,
To Zion shall be giv'n
The brightest glories earth can yield,
And brighter bliss of heav'n.

353 O CHURCH, ARISE

O church, arise and put your armor on;
Hear the call of Christ our captain;
For now the weak can say that they are strong
In the strength that God has giv'n.
With shield of faith and belt of truth
We'll stand against the devil's lies;
An army bold whose battle cry is "Love!"
Reaching out to those in darkness.

Our call to war, to love the captive soul,
But to rage against the captor;
And with the sword that makes the wounded whole
We will fight with faith and valor.
When faced with trials on ev'ry side,
We know the outcome is secure,
And Christ will have the prize for which He died–
An inheritance of nations.

Come, see the cross where love and mercy meet,
As the Son of God is stricken;
Then see His foes lie crushed beneath His feet,
For the Conqueror has risen!
And as the stone is rolled away,
And Christ emerges from the grave,
This vict'ry march continues till the day
Ev'ry eye and heart shall see Him.

So Spirit, come, put strength in ev'ry stride,
Give grace for ev'ry hurdle,
That we may run with faith to win the prize
Of a servant good and faithful.
As saints of old still line the way,
Retelling triumphs of His grace,
We hear their calls and hunger for the day
When with Christ we stand in glory.

354 THE CHURCH'S ONE FOUNDATION

The Church's one foundation
Is Jesus Christ her Lord;
She is His new creation
By water and the Word:
From heav'n He came and sought her
To be His holy bride;
With His own blood he bought her,
And for her life He died.

Elect from ev'ry nation,
Yet one o'er all the earth,
Her charter of salvation
One Lord, one faith, one birth;
One holy name she blesses,
Partakes one holy food,
And to one hope she presses,
With ev'ry grace endued.

'Mid toil and tribulation,
And tumult of her war,
She waits the consummation
Of peace forevermore;
Till with the vision glorious
Her longing eyes are blest,
And the great Church victorious
Shall be the Church at rest.

Yet she on earth hath union
With God the Three in One,
And mystic sweet communion
With those whose rest is won:
O happy ones and holy!
Lord, give us grace that we,
Like them, the meek and lowly,
On high may dwell with Thee.

355 CHRIST IS MADE THE SURE FOUNDATION

Christ is made the sure foundation,
Christ the head and cornerstone,
Chosen of the Lord and precious,
Binding all the Church in one,
Holy Zion's help forever,
And her confidence alone.

To this temple, where we call You,
Come, O Lord of hosts, today;
With Your accustomed loving-kindness
Hear Your people as they pray,
And Your fullest benediction
Shed within its walls alway.

Lord, here grant to all Your servants
What they ask of You to gain,
What they gain from You forever
With the blessed to retain,
And hereafter in Your glory
Evermore with You to reign.

Laud and honor to the Father,
Laud and honor to the Son,
Laud and honor to the Spirit,
Ever Three and ever One;
One in might and one in glory
While unending ages run.

356 I KNOW WHOM I HAVE BELIEVED

I know not why God's wondrous grace
To me He has made known;
Nor why, unworthy, Christ in love
Redeemed me for His own.

I know not how this saving faith
To me He did impart;
Nor how believing in His Word
Brought peace within my heart.

I know not how the Spirit moves,
Convincing men of sin,
Revealing Jesus through the Word,
Creating faith in Him.

I know not when my Lord may come,
At night or noonday fair;
Nor if I'll walk the vale with Him,
Or meet Him in the air.

But "I know whom I have believed,
And am persuaded that He is able
To keep that which I've committed
Unto Him against that day."

357 GREAT IS THE GOSPEL OF OUR GLORIOUS GOD

Great is the gospel of our glorious God,
Where mercy met the anger of God's rod;
A penalty was paid and pardon bought,
And sinners lost at last to Him were brought.

O let the praises of my heart be Thine,
For Christ has died that I may call Him mine,
That I may sing with those who dwell above,
Adoring, praising Jesus, King of love.

Great is the mystery of godliness,
Great is the work of God's own holiness;
It moves my soul, and causes me to long
For greater joys than to the earth belong.

The Spirit vindicated Christ our Lord,
And angels sang with joy and sweet accord;
The nations heard, a dark world flamed with light–
When Jesus rose in glory and in might.

358 YE SERVANTS OF GOD

Ye servants of God, your Master proclaim,
And publish abroad His wonderful name;
The name all-victorious of Jesus extol;
His kingdom is glorious and rules over all.

God ruleth on high, almighty to save;
And still He is nigh, His presence we have;
The great congregation His triumph shall sing,
Ascribing salvation to Jesus, our King.

Salvation to God who sits on the throne,
Let all cry aloud and honor the Son:
The praises of Jesus the angels proclaim,
Fall down on their faces and worship the Lamb.

Then let us adore and give Him His right:
All glory and power, all wisdom and might,
All honor and blessing, with angels above,
And thanks never ceasing, and infinite love.

359 MY SOUL FINDS REST

My soul finds rest in God alone,
My rock and my salvation,
A fortress strong against my foes,
And I will not be shaken.
Though lips may bless and hearts may curse,
And lies like arrows pierce me,
I'll fix my heart on righteousness,
I'll look to Him who hears me.

Find rest, my soul, in God alone
Amid the world's temptations;
When evil seeks to take a hold,
I'll cling to my salvation.
Though riches come and riches go,
Don't set your heart upon them;
The fields of hope in which I sow
Are harvested in heaven.

I'll set my gaze on God alone
And trust in Him completely;
With ev'ry day pour out my soul,
And He will prove His mercy.
Though life is but a fleeting breath,
A sigh too brief to measure,
My King has crushed the curse of death,
And I am His forever.

361 BY FAITH

By faith we see the hand of God
In the light of creation's grand design,
In the lives of those who prove His faithfulness,
Who walk by faith and not by sight.

By faith our fathers roamed the earth
With the pow'r of His promise in their hearts,
Of a holy city built by God's own hand,
A place where peace and justice reign.

By faith the prophets saw a day
When the longed-for Messiah would appear,
With the pow'r to break the chains of sin and death,
And rise triumphant from the grave.

Refrain:
We will stand as children of the promise;
We will fix our eyes on Him, our soul's reward;
Till the race is finished and the work is done,
We'll walk by faith and not by sight.

By faith the church was called to go
In the pow'r of the Spirit to the lost,
To deliver captives and to preach good news
In ev'ry corner of the earth.

By faith this mountain shall be moved,
And the pow'r of the gospel shall prevail,
For we know in Christ all things are possible
For all who call upon His name.

363 EVERY PROMISE OF YOUR WORD

From the breaking of the dawn to the setting of the sun,
I will stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
Words of pow'r, strong to save, that will never pass away,
I will stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
For Your covenant is sure,
And on this I am secure,
I can stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.

When I stumble and I sin, condemnation pressing in,
I will stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
You are faithful to forgive, that in freedom I might live,
So I stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
Guilt to innocence restored,
You remember sins no more,
So I'll stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.

When I'm faced with anguished choice, I will listen for Your voice,
And I'll stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
Thru this dark and troubled land, You will guide me with Your hand,
As I stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
And You've promised to complete
Ev'ry work begun in me,
So I'll stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.

Hope that lifts me from despair, love that casts out ev'ry fear,
As I stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
Not forsaken, not alone, for the Comforter has come,
And I stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.
Grace sufficient, grace for me,
Grace for all who will believe,
We will stand on ev'ry promise of Your Word.

364 HOW FIRM A FOUNDATION

How firm a foundation, ye saints of the Lord,
Is laid for your faith in His excellent Word!
What more can He say than to you He hath said,
You who unto Jesus for refuge have fled?

"Fear not! I am with thee; O be not dismayed,
For I am thy God, and will still give thee aid;
I'll strengthen thee, help thee, and cause thee to stand,
Upheld by My righteous, omnipotent hand.

"When thru fiery trials thy pathway shall lie,
My grace, all-sufficient, shall be thy supply;
The flame shall not hurt thee; I only design
Thy dross to consume, and thy gold to refine.

"The soul that on Jesus hath leaned for repose,
I will not, I will not desert to his foes;
That soul, though all hell should endeavor to shake,
I'll never, no never, no never forsake!"

365 ANCIENT WORDS

Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world,
They resound with God's own heart;
Oh, let the ancient words impart.
Words of life, words of hope give us strength, help us cope;
In this world where'er we roam,
Ancient words will guide us home.

Refrain:
Ancient words, ever true,
Changing me and changing you;
We have come with open hearts,
Oh, let the ancient words impart.

Holy words of our faith handed down to this age,
Came to us thru sacrifice;
Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ.
Martyr's blood stains each page, they have died for this faith;
Hear them cry through the years,
Heed these words and hold them dear.

366 MY SOUL LONGS FOR THE LORD

My soul longs for the Lord in a weary land.
Wells are dry and I am empty, only dust in my hands.
How I yearn for streams of mercy, where my soul can be restored.
"Come and drink," Jesus calls me, "and you will thirst no more."
Oh, the fullness of Christ, Word of God, Word of Life.

Living Word, You walked among us, our Emmanuel,
And You spoke into the darkness, broke the pow'rs of hell.
Grace and mercy flowed from Calv'ry to the valley of our need.
It is done, it is finished, from ev'ry sin set free.
Oh, the vict'ry of Christ, Word of God, Word of Life.

How often in the stillness have I heard Your voice;
Ev'ry whisper, ev'ry promise calls my heart to rejoice.
In the quiet of the morning, through the watches of the night,
In the fire of my struggles, there's courage for the fight.
Oh, the pow'r of Christ, Word of God, Word of Life.

My soul longs to walk closer with the Lord I serve.
More than riches, more than favor, I delight in Your Word.
Turn my gaze from all that's worthless; set my heart on things above.
May my life tell Your goodness, Your way of truth and love.
Oh, the wisdom of Christ, Word of God, Word of Life.

My soul longs for the day I will see Your face,
Hear Your shout of jubilation; no more tears, death or pain.
Ev'ry word at last accomplished; heaven sings and earth replies:
"To our God be the glory," let all creation cry,
"Praise and honor to Christ, Word of God, Word of Life."

368 SPEAK O LORD

Speak, O Lord, as we come to You
To receive the food of Your Holy Word.
Take Your truth, plant it deep in us;
Shape and fashion us in Your likeness,
That the light of Christ might be seen today
In our acts of love and our deeds of faith.
Speak, O Lord, and fulfill in us
All Your purposes for Your glory.

Teach us, Lord, full obedience,
Holy reverence, true humility;
Test our thoughts and our attitudes
In the radiance of Your purity.
Cause our faith to rise; cause our eyes to see
Your majestic love and authority.
Words of pow'r that can never fail-
Let their truth prevail over unbelief.

Speak, O Lord, and renew our minds;
Help us grasp the heights of Your plans for us-
Truths unchanged from the dawn of time
That will echo down through eternity.
And by grace we'll stand on Your promises,
And by faith we'll walk as You walk with us.
Speak, O Lord, till Your church is built
And the earth is filled with Your glory.

371 O WORD OF GOD INCARNATE

O Word of God incarnate,
O Wisdom from on high,
O Truth unchanged, unchanging,
O Light of our dark sky;
We praise You for the radiance
That from the hallowed page,
A lantern to our footsteps,
Shines on from age to age.

The Church from her dear Master
Received the gift divine,
And still that light is lifted
On all the earth to shine.
It is the chart and compass
That all life's voyage through,
'Mid mists and rocks and quicksands,
Still guides, O Christ, to You.

O make Your church, dear Savior,
A lamp of purest gold,
To bear before the nations
Your true light as of old;
Teach us, Your wand'ring pilgrims,
By this our path to trace,
Till, clouds and darkness ended,
We see You face to face!

373 REJOICE YE PURE IN HEART

Rejoice, ye pure in heart,
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing.
Your festal banner wave on high,
The cross of Christ your King.

Refrain:
Rejoice, rejoice,
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing!

Bright youth and snow-crowned age,
Both men and women, raise
On high your free, exulting song,
Declare God's wondrous praise.

Still lift your standard high,
Still chanting as you go,
From youth to age, by night and day,
In gladness and in woe.

Praise God, who reigns on high,
The Lord whom we adore:
The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,
One God for evermore.

374 MY HEART IS FILLED WITH THANKFULNESS

My heart is filled with thankfulness
To Him who bore my pain,
Who plumbed the depths of my disgrace
And gave me life again,
Who crushed my curse of sinfulness
And clothed me in His light,
And wrote His law of righteousness
With pow'r upon my heart.

My heart is filled with thankfulness
To Him who walks beside,
Who floods my weaknesses with strength
And causes fear to fly,
Whose ev'ry promise is enough
For ev'ry step I take,
Sustaining me with arms of love
And crowning me with grace.

My heart is filled with thankfulness
To Him who reigns above,
Whose wisdom is my perfect peace,
Whose ev'ry thought is love,
For ev'ry day I have on earth
Is giv'n by the King.
So I will give my life, my all,
To love and follow Him.

375 TAKE MY LIFE AND LET IT BE (BRANDENSTEIN)

Take my life and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my moments and my days;
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

Take my hands and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee.

Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee.

Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne.
Take my life and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee.

376 WHAT GRACE IS MINE

What grace is mine that He who dwells in endless light
Called through the night to find my distant soul,
And from His scars poured mercy that would plead for me,
That I might live and in His name be known.

Refrain:
So I will go wherever He is calling me,
I lose my life to find my life in Him;
I give my all to gain the hope that never dies;
I bow my heart, take up my cross, and follow Him.

What grace is mine to know His breath alive in me;
Beneath His wings my wakened soul may soar;
All fear can flee, for death's dark night is overcome;
My Savior lives and reigns forevermore.

377 MAY THE MIND OF CHRIST, MY SAVIOR

May the mind of Christ, my Savior,
Live in me from day to day,
By His love and pow'r controlling
All I do and say.

May the Word of God dwell richly
In my heart from hour to hour,
So that all may see I triumph
Only through His pow'r.

May the peace of God my Father
Rule my life in ev'rything,
That I may be calm to comfort
Sick and sorrowing.

May the love of Jesus fill me
As the waters fill the sea;
Him exalting, self abasing,
This is victory.

May I run the race before me,
Strong and brave to face the foe,
Looking only unto Jesus
As I onward go.

May His beauty rest upon me
As I seek the lost to win,
And may they forget the channel,
Seeing only Him.

378 SOLDIERS OF CHRIST, ARISE

Soldiers of Christ, arise
And put your armor on,
Strong in the strength which God supplies
Thru His eternal Son;
Strong in the Lord of hosts
And in His mighty pow'r.
Who in the strength of Jesus trusts
Is more than conqueror.

Stand then in His great might,
With all His strength endued,
And take, to arm you for the fight,
The panoply of God;
That having all things done,
And all our conflicts past,
Ye may o'ercome thru Christ alone
And stand entire at last.

Leave no unguarded place,
No weakness of the soul;
Take ev'ry virtue, ev'ry grace.
And fortify the whole.
From strength to strength go on,
Wrestle and fight and pray;
Tread all the pow'rs of darkness down
And win the well-fought day.

379 I'D RATHER HAVE JESUS

I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold;
I'd rather be His than have riches untold;
I'd rather have Jesus than houses or lands.
I'd rather be led by His nail-pierced hand

Refrain:
Than to be the king of a vast domain
Or be held in sin's dread sway.
I'd rather have Jesus than anything
This world affords today.

I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause;
I'd rather be faithful to His dear cause;
I'd rather have Jesus than world-wide fame.
I'd rather be true to His holy name

He's fairer than lilies of rarest bloom;
He's sweeter than honey from out the comb;
He's all that my hungering spirit needs.
I'd rather have Jesus and let Him lead

380 MY JESUS, I LOVE THEE

My Jesus, I love Thee, I know Thou art mine;
For Thee all the follies of sin I resign;
My gracious Redeemer, my Savior art Thou:
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I love Thee because Thou hast first loved me,
And purchased my pardon on Calvary's tree;
I love Thee for wearing the thorns on Thy brow:
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I'll love Thee in life, I will love Thee in death,
And praise Thee as long as Thou lendest me breath,
And say when the death dew lies cold on my brow,
"If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now."

In mansions of glory and endless delight,
I'll ever adore Thee in heaven so bright,
I'll sing with the glittering crown on my brow,
"If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now."

381 THE SOLID ROCK

My hope is built on nothing less
Than Jesus' blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame,
But wholly lean on Jesus' name.

Refrain:
On Christ, the solid Rock, I stand;
All other ground is sinking sand,
All other ground is sinking sand.

When darkness seems to hide His face,
I rest on His unchanging grace;
In ev'ry high and stormy gale,
My anchor holds within the veil.

His oath, His covenant, His blood,
Support me in the whelming flood;
When all around my soul gives way,
He then is all my hope and stay.

When He shall come with trumpet sound,
Oh, may I then in Him be found;
Dressed in His righteousness alone,
Faultless to stand before the throne.

382 DEAR LORD AND FATHER OF MANKIND

Dear Lord and Father of mankind,
Forgive our foolish ways!
Reclothe us in our rightful mind,
In purer lives Thy service find,
In deeper reverence, praise.
In deeper reverence, praise.

In simple trust like those who heard
Beside the Syrian sea
The gracious calling of the Lord,
Let us, like them, without a word
Rise up and follow Thee.
Rise up and follow Thee.

O Sabbath rest by Galilee!
O calm of hills above,
Where Jesus knelt to share with Thee
The silence of eternity,
Interpreted by love!
Interpreted by love!

Drop Thy still dews of quietness,
Till all our strivings cease;
Take from our souls the strain and stress,
And let our ordered lives confess
The beauty of Thy peace.
The beauty of Thy peace.

Breathe through the heats of our desire
Thy coolness and Thy balm;
Let sense be dumb, let flesh retire;
Speak through the earthquake, wind, and fire,
O still, small voice of calm!
O still, small voice of calm!

383 GOD ALMIGHTY, STRONG, SECURE

God Almighty, strong, secure
Who will hold with sov'reign hand.
There's no reason death to fear,
Satan, hell or devil band.
I do not ask strength of my own
But in my weakness Thy strength shown.

God all wise, eternal source
Of knowledge for the darkened mind,
Lighter of the heart's true course,
Sight for those in sin born blind.
I do not ask to know for pride
But in Thy perfect will reside.

Lord, who faced death unafraid,
Won forgiveness, sought no fee,
By whose love the price was paid
And the grace gift offered me.
I do not ask no pain to bear
But only always Thine to share.

Loving Father, kind and caring,
Giver of my needs and more.
Heav'nly glory now preparing
'Til I receive my treasure store.
I do not ask this world to flee
But serve 'til Thou dost send for me.

385 MORE LOVE TO THEE, O CHRIST

More love to Thee, O Christ,
More love to Thee!
Hear Thou the prayer I make
On bended knee:
This is my earnest plea:
More love, O Christ, to Thee,
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

Once earthly joy I craved,
Sought peace and rest:
Now Thee alone I seek;
Give what is best:
This all my prayer shall be:
More love, O Christ, to Thee,
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

Then shall my latest breath
Whisper Thy praise;
This be the parting cry
My heart shall raise,
This still its prayer shall be:
More love, O Christ, to Thee,
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

386 I GAVE MY LIFE FOR THEE

I gave My life for thee,
My precious blood I shed,
That thou might'st ransomed be,
And quickened from the dead;
I gave, I gave My life for thee,
What have you giv'n for Me?

My Father's house of light,
My glory-circled throne
I left for earthly night,
For wand'rings sad and lone;
I left, I left it all for thee,
Have you left all for Me?

I suffered much for thee,
More than thy tongue can tell,
Of bitt'rest agony,
To rescue thee from hell;
I've borne, I've borne it all for thee,
What have you borne for Me?

And I have brought to thee,
Down from My home above,
Salvation full and free,
My pardon and My love;
I bring, I bring rich gifts to thee,
What have you brought to Me?

388 HE WILL HOLD ME FAST

When I fear my faith will fail, Christ will hold me fast;
When the tempter would prevail, He will hold me fast.
I could never keep my hold through life's fearful path;
For my love is often cold; He must hold me fast.

Chorus:
He will hold me fast, He will hold me fast;
For my Saviour loves me so, He will hold me fast.

Those He saves are His delight, Christ will hold me fast;
Precious in his holy sight, He will hold me fast.
He'll not let my soul be lost; His promises shall last;
Bought by Him at such a cost, He will hold me fast.

For my life He bled and died, Christ will hold me fast;
Justice has been satisfied; He will hold me fast.
Raised with Him to endless life, He will hold me fast
'Till our faith is turned to sight, When He comes at last!

389 ALL I HAVE IS CHRIST

I once was lost in darkest night,
Yet thought I knew the way.
The sin that promised joy and life
Had led me to the grave.
I had no hope that You would own
A rebel to Your will.
And if You had not loved me first
I would refuse You still.

Refrain:
Hallelujah! All I have is Christ.
Hallelujah! Jesus is my life.

But as I ran my hell-bound race,
Indifferent to the cost,
You looked upon my helpless state
And led me to the cross.
And I beheld God's love displayed,
You suffered in my place.
You bore the wrath reserved for me,
Now all I know is grace.

Now, Lord, I would be Yours alone,
And live so all might see
The strength to follow Your commands
Could never come from me.
Oh, Father, use my ransomed life
In any way You choose,
And let my song forever be
My only boast is You.

390 GOD, BE MERCIFUL TO ME (REDHEAD)

God, be merciful to me,
On Thy grace I rest my plea;
Plenteous in compassion Thou,
Blot out my transgressions now;
Wash me, make me pure within,
Cleanse, O cleanse me from my sin.

My transgressions I confess,
Grief and guilt my soul oppress;
I have sinned against Thy grace
And provoked Thee to Thy face;
I confess Thy judgment just,
Speechless, I Thy mercy trust.

I am evil, born in sin;
Thou desirest truth within.
Thou alone my Savior art,
Teach Thy wisdom to my heart;
Make me pure, Thy grace bestow,
Wash me whiter than the snow.

Broken, humbled to the dust
By Thy wrath and judgment just,
Let my contrite heart rejoice
And in gladness hear Thy voice;
From my sins O hide Thy face,
Blot them out in boundless grace.

Gracious God, my heart renew,
Make my spirit right and true;
Cast me not away from Thee,
Let Thy Spirit dwell in me;
Thy salvation's joy impart,
Steadfast make my willing heart.

Sinners then shall learn from me
And return, O God, to Thee;
Savior, all my guilt remove,
And my tongue shall sing Thy love;
Touch my silent lips, O Lord,
And my mouth shall praise accord.

391 COME, YE SINNERS, POOR AND NEEDY

Come, ye sinners, poor and needy,
Weak and wounded, sick and sore;
Jesus ready stands to save you,
Full of pity, love, and pow'r.

Refrain:
I will arise and go to Jesus,
He will embrace me in His arms;
In the arms of my dear Savior,
O there are ten thousand charms.

Come, ye thirsty, come, and welcome,
God's free bounty glorify;
True belief and true repentance,
Ev'ry grace that brings you nigh.

Come, ye weary, heavy laden,
Lost and ruined by the fall;
If you tarry till you're better,
You will never come at all.

Lo! th'incarnate God ascended,
Pleads the merit of His blood;
Venture on Him, venture wholly;
Let no other trust intrude.

392 TODAY THY MERCY CALLS US

Today Thy mercy calls us
To wash away our sin.
However great our trespass,
Whatever we have been.
However long from mercy
We may have turned away,
Your blood, O Christ, can cleanse us,
And make us white today.

Today Thy gate is open,
And all who enter in
Shall find a Father's welcome,
And pardon for their sin.
The past shall be forgotten,
A present joy be giv'n,
A future grace be promised,
A glorious crown in heav'n.

O all-embracing Mercy,
Thou ever-open Door,
What should we do without You
When heart and eyes run o'er?
When all things seem against us,
To drive us to despair,
We know one gate is open,
One ear will hear our prayer.

393 TAKE MY LIFE AND LET IT BE

Take my life and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my moments and my days;
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

Take my hands and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only, for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee.

Take my silver and my gold;
Not a mite would I withhold;
Take my intellect and use
Ev'ry pow'r as You shall choose.

Take my will and make it Thine;
It shall be no longer mine;
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne.

Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee.

394 JESUS, I MY CROSS HAVE TAKEN

395 COME, LONELY HEART

Come, lonely heart, to the outsider's Friend
To Jesus, who seeks out the lost.
Your cruel seclusion has come to an end;
Find welcome, find home, at the cross.

Refrain:
No soul is too small for His mercy;
No sin is too great for His grace!
Come, lonely heart, come, lonely heart.

Drink, thirsty heart, of the water of life
Of bountiful, soul-quenching grace.
The world's broken cisterns cannot satisfy;
The Savior is what your heart craves.

Rest, guilty heart, in forgiveness of sin
In pardon from shame-stirring vice.
Though Satan and sinners and conscience condemn,
Your soul may be spotless as Christ.

Joy, grateful heart, in the hope you have found
In God, who is seeking your praise.
Then go to the outcast, that grace may resound,
For Jesus is mighty to save.

397 I PLEAD FOR GRACE

I plead for grace, O God of steadfast love;
By Your great mercy, all my sin remove.
Deeply ashamed for spurning You alone,
I stand condemned before Your holy throne.

Though You want truth and purity within,
I am unclean, conceived with inborn sin.
Purge me with blood, and wash me white as snow.
Hide my transgressions; heal my broken soul.

Create in me a spotless heart, I pray.
Take not Your Spirit! Cast me not away.
Restore to me salvation's joy anew.
Then I will teach the lost to turn to You.

Save me, O God with blood my hands are stained!
Open my lips to praise Your righteous name.
Though You reject a thoughtless sacrifice,
My broken, contrite heart You'll not despise.

Lord, in Your goodness, build up Zion's walls.
Let not my lips fear down Your glorious cause.
May You delight in ev'ry sacrifice,
Offered by sinners You have purified.

God can be just and sinners justify
For Jesus bled God's wrath down to satisfy.
My sins the spikes that nailed Christ to the tree–
God's love and justice there for all to see.

398 GOD, BE MERCIFUL TO ME (MINER)

God, be merciful to me,
On Thy grace I rest my plea;
Plenteous in compassion Thou,
Blot out my transgressions now;
Wash me, make me pure within,
Cleanse, O cleanse me from my sin.

My transgressions I confess,
Grief and guilt my soul oppress;
I have sinned against Thy grace
And provoked Thee to Thy face;
I confess Thy judgment just,
Speechless, I Thy mercy trust.

I am evil, born in sin;
Thou desirest truth within.
Thou alone my Savior art,
Teach Thy wisdom to my heart;
Make me pure, Thy grace bestow,
Wash me whiter than the snow.

Broken, humbled to the dust
By Thy wrath and judgment just,
Let my contrite heart rejoice
And in gladness hear Thy voice;
From my sins O hide Thy face,
Blot them out in boundless grace.

Gracious God, my heart renew,
Make my spirit right and true;
Cast me not away from Thee,
Let Thy Spirit dwell in me;
Thy salvation's joy impart,
Steadfast make my willing heart.

399 THE MASTER HAS COME

The Master has come, and He calls us to follow
The track of the footprints He leaves on our way;
Far over the mountain and thro' the deep hollow,
The path leads us on to the mansions of day:
The Master has called us, the children who fear Him,
Who march 'neath Christ's banner; His own little band;
We love Him and seek Him, we long to be near Him,
And rest in the light of His beautiful land.

The Master has called us; the road may be dreary,
And dangers and sorrows are strewn on the track;
But God's Holy Spirit shall comfort the weary;
We follow the Savior and cannot turn back;
The Master has called us: tho' doubt and temptation
May compass our journey, we cheerfully sing;
"Press onward, look upward," thro' much tribulation;
The children of Zion must follow their King.

The Master has called us, in life's early morning,
With spirits as fresh as the dew on the sod;
We turn from the world, with its smiles and its scorning,
To cast in our lot with the people of God;
The Master has called us, His sons and His daughters,
We plead for His blessing and trust in His love;
And thro' the green pastures, beside the still waters,
He'll lead us at last to His kingdom above.

401 HIDING IN THEE

O safe to the Rock that is higher than I,
My soul in its conflicts and sorrows would fly;
So sinful, so weary, Thine, Thine would I be;
Thou blest Rock of Ages, I'm hiding in Thee.

Refrain:
Hiding in Thee, Hiding in Thee,
Thou blest Rock of Ages, I'm hiding in Thee.

In the calm of the noontide, in sorrow's lone hour,
In times when temptation casts o'er me its power,
In the tempests of life, on its wide heaving sea,
Thou blest Rock of Ages, I'm hiding in Thee.

How oft in the conflict, when pressed by the foe,
I have fled to my Refuge and breathed out my woe;
How often, when trials like sea billows roll,
Have I hidden in Thee, O Thou Rock of my soul.

402 REJOICE! REJOICE, BELIEVERS!

Rejoice! Rejoice, believers, and let your lights appear;
The evening is advancing, and darker night is near.
The Bridegroom is arising, and soon is drawing nigh;
Up, pray and watch and wrestle; at midnight comes the cry.

The watchers on the mountain proclaim the Bridegroom near;
Go forth as He approaches, with alleluias clear.
The marriage feast is waiting; the gates wide open stand;
Arise, O heirs of glory; the Bridegroom is at hand.

The saints, who here in patience their cross and suff'rings bore,
Shall live and reign forever when sorrow is no more.
Around the throne of glory the Lamb they shall behold;
In triumph cast before Him their diadems of gold.

Our hope and expectation, O Jesus, now appear;
Arise, O Sun so longed for, o'er this benighted sphere!
With hearts and hands uplifted, we plead, O Lord, to see
The day of earth's redemption that sets your people free!

403 BLESSED ASSURANCE, JESUS IS MINE

Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God,
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.

Refrain:
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Savior all the day long;
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Savior all the day long.

Perfect submission, perfect delight,
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight;
Angels descending bring from above
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.

Perfect submission, all is at rest,
I in my Savior am happy and blest;
Watching and waiting, looking above,
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love.

404 MY FAITH HAS FOUND A RESTING PLACE

My faith has found a resting place
Not in device or creed:
I trust the Everliving One,
His wounds for me shall plead.

Refrain:
I need no other argument,
I need no other plea;
It is enough that Jesus died,
And that He died for me.

Enough for me that Jesus saves
This ends my fear and doubt;
A sinful soul I come to Him
He'll never cast me out.

My heart is leaning on the Word
The written Word of God:
Salvation by my Savior's name
Salvation through His blood.

My great Physician heals the sick
The lost He came to save;
For me His precious blood He shed,
For me His life He gave.

405 NOT IN ME

No list of sins I have not done,
No list of virtues I pursue,
No list of those I am not like
Can earn myself a place with You.
O God! Be merciful to me;
I am a sinner through and through.
My only hope of righteousness
Is not in me, but only You.

No humble dress, no fervent prayer,
No lifted hands, no tearful song,
No recitation of the truth,
Can justify a single wrong.
My righteousness is Jesus' life;
My debt was paid by Jesus' death.
My weary load was borne by Him
And He alone can give me rest.

No separation from the world,
No work I do, no gift I give,
Can cleanse my conscience, cleanse my hands;
I cannot cause my soul to live.
But Jesus died and rose again;
The pow'r of death is overthrown!
My God is merciful to me
And merciful in Christ alone.

406 CHRIST, THE SURE AND STEADY ANCHOR

Christ, the sure and steady anchor,
In the fury of the storm;
When the winds of doubt blow through me,
And my sails have all been torn.
In the suff'ring, in the sorrow,
When my sinking hopes are few;
I will hold fast to the anchor.
It shall never be removed.

Christ, the sure and steady anchor,
While the tempest rages on;
When temptation claims the battle,
And it seems the night has won.
Deeper still then goes the anchor,
Though I justly stand accused;
I will hold fast to the anchor.
It shall never be removed.

Christ, the sure and steady anchor,
Through the floods of unbelief;
Hopeless, somehow, O my soul,
Now lift your eyes to Calvary.
This my ballast of assurance,
See His love forever proved;
I will hold fast to the anchor.
It shall never be removed.

Christ, the sure and steady anchor,
As we face the wave of death;
When these trials give way to glory
As we draw our final breath.
We will cross that great horizon,
Clouds behind and life secure;
And the calm will be the better
For the storms that we endure.
We will hold fast to the anchor.
It shall never be removed.

Christ, the shore of our salvation,
Ever faithful, ever true.

407 IT IS WELL WITH MY SOUL

When peace, like a river, attendeth my way,
When sorrows like sea billows roll;
Whatever my lot, Thou hast taught me to say,
"It is well, it is well with my soul."

Refrain:
It is well with my soul,
It is well, it is well with my soul.

Though Satan should buffet, though trials should come,
Let this blest assurance control,
That Christ has regarded my helpless estate,
And has shed His own blood for my soul.

My sin, oh, the bliss of this glorious thought:
My sin, not in part but the whole,
Is nailed to the cross and I bear it no more,
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, O my soul!

And, Lord, haste the day when the faith shall be sight,
The clouds be rolled back as a scroll,
The trump shall resound and the Lord shall descend,
"Even so," it is well with my soul.

408 MY FAITH LOOKS UP TO THEE

My faith looks up to Thee,
Thou Lamb of Calvary,
Savior divine!
Now hear me while I pray,
Take all my guilt away,
O let me from this day
Be wholly Thine!

May Thy rich grace impart
Strength to my fainting heart,
My zeal inspire;
As Thou hast died for me,
O may my love to Thee
Pure, warm, and changeless be,
A living fire.

While life's dark maze I tread,
And griefs around me spread,
Be Thou my Guide;
Bid darkness turn to day,
Wipe sorrow's tears away,
Nor let me ever stray
From Thee aside.

When ends life's passing dream,
When death's cold, sullen stream
Shall o'er me roll;
Blest Savior, then, in love,
Fear and distrust remove;
O bear me safe above,
A ransomed soul!

409 COME, MY SOUL, YOUR PLEA PREPARE

Come, my soul, your plea prepare,
Jesus loves to answer prayer;
He Himself has bid you pray,
Rise and ask without delay.

I am coming to a King,
Large petitions with me bring;
For His grace and pow'r are such,
None can ever ask too much.

With my burden I begin:
Lord, remove this load of sin;
Let Your blood, for sinners spilt,
Set my conscience free from guilt.

Lord, I come to You for rest;
Take possession of my breast;
There Your blood-bought right maintain,
And without a rival reign.

While I am a pilgrim here,
Let Your love my spirit cheer;
As my guide, my guard, my friend,
Lead me to my journey's end.

410 THE LORD'S PRAYER

Our Father, which art in heaven,
Hallowed be Thy name.
Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread,
And forgive us our debtors as we forgive our debtors.
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil,
For Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever.
Amen. Amen.

411 ALL YOUR ANXIETY

Is there a heart o'erbound by sorrow?
Is there a life weighed down by care?
Come to the cross each burden bearing,
All your anxiety leave it there.

Chorus:
All your anxiety, all your care,
Bring to the mercy seat leave it there;
Never a burden He cannot bear,
Never a friend like Jesus!

No other friend so swift to help you,
No other friend so quick to hear;
No other place to leave your burden,
No other one to hear your prayer.

Come then at once delay no longer!
Heed His entreaty kind and sweet;
You need not fear a disappointment,
You shall find peace at the mercy seat.

413 MERCIFUL GOD

Merciful God, Oh, abounding in love,
Faithful to all who draw near You;
Hearing the cries of the humble in heart,
Showing the cross they may cling to.
Helpless I come, broken in sin,
Found at the feet of Your mercy.

Merciful God, Oh, abounding in love,
Faithful through times we have failed You;
Selfish in thought and uncaring in deed,
Foolish in word and ungrateful.
Spirit of God, conquer our hearts
With love that flows from forgiveness.

Merciful God, Oh, abounding in love,
Faithful to keep us from falling;
Guiding our ways with Your fatherly heart,
Growing our faith with each testing.
God speed the day struggles will end;
Faultless we'll gaze on Your glory.

Father, forgive; may my sin be remembered no more.
Cause us to yield and return to the mercy of God.
Then we will stand overwhelmed by the mercy of God.

414 APPROACH, MY SOUL, THE MERCY SEAT

Approach, my soul, the mercy seat,
Where Jesus answers prayer;
There humbly fall before His feet,
For none can perish there.

Your promise is my only plea;
With this I venture nigh;
You call out burdened souls to Thee,
And such, O Lord, am I.

Bowed down beneath a load of sin,
By Satan sorely pressed,
By wars without, and fears within,
I come to Thee for rest.

Be Thou my shield and hiding place,
That, sheltered near Your side,
I may my fierce accuser face,
And tell him, You have died.

O wondrous love! to bleed and die,
To bear the cross and shame,
That guilty sinners such as I,
Might plead Your gracious Name!

415 COME TO ME

Weary, burdened wand'rer
There is rest for thee,
At the feet of Jesus,
In His love so free.

Listen to His message,
Words of life, forever blessed:
"O thou heavy laden,
Come to Me, come and rest."

Bring Him all thy burdens,
All thy guilt and sin.
"O thou heavy laden,
Rise up, and enter in."

Jesus there is waiting
Patiently for thee.
Hear Him gently calling,
"Come, O come to Me."

Chorus:
There is freedom, taste and see.
Hear the call, "Come to Me."
Run into His arms of grace,
Your burden carried, He will take.

416 I NEED THEE EVERY HOUR

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Most gracious Lord;
No tender voice like Thine
Can peace afford.

Chorus:
I need Thee, O I need Thee;
Ev'ry hour I need Thee!
O bless me now, my Savior,
I come to Thee.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Stay Thou near by;
Temptations lose their pow'r
When Thou art nigh.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
In joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide,
Or life is vain.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Teach me Thy will;
Thy promises so rich
In me fulfill.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Most Holy One;
O make me Thine indeed,
Thou blessed Son.

417 FILL THOU MY LIFE

Fill Thou my life, O Lord, my God,
In ev'ry part with praise,
That my whole being may proclaim
Your being and Your ways.
Not for the lip of praise alone,
Nor e'en the praising heart,
I ask, but for a life made up
Of praise in ev'ry part:

Praise in the common things of life,
Its goings out and in;
Praise in each duty and each deed,
However small and mean.
Fill ev'ry part of me with praise;
Let all my being speak
Of You and of Your love, O Lord,
Poor though I be and weak.

So shall You, Lord, from me, e'en me,
Receive the glory due;
And so shall I begin on earth
The song forever new.
So shall no part of day or night
From sacredness be free;
But all my life, in ev'ry step,
Be fellowship with Thee.

418 FOR ALL THE SAINTS

For all the saints who from their labors rest,
Who Thee by faith before the world confessed,
Thy Name, O Jesus, be forever blest.
Alleluia! Alleluia!

Thou wast their Rock, their Fortress and their Might;
Thou, Lord, their Captain in the well-fought fight;
Thou, in the darkness drear, their one true Light.
Alleluia! Alleluia!

O blessed communion, fellowship divine!
We feebly struggle, they in glory shine;
Yet all are one in Thee, for all are Thine.
Alleluia! Alleluia!

But lo! there breaks a yet more glorious day;
The saints triumphant rise in bright array;
The King of glory passes on His way.
Alleluia! Alleluia!

From earth's wide bounds, from ocean's farthest coast,
Through gates of pearl streams in the countless host,
Singing to Father, Son and Holy Ghost:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

419 HEAR THE CALL OF THE KINGDOM

Hear the call of the Kingdom, lift your eyes to the King.
Let His song rise within you as a fragrant off'ring
Of how God, rich in mercy, came in Christ to redeem
All who trust in His unfailing grace.

Hear the call of the Kingdom to be children of light,
With the humility of Christ, the mercy of heaven,
Walking justly before Him, loving all that is right;
That the light of Christ may shine through us.

Hear the call of the Kingdom to reach out to the lost;
With the Father's compassion, in the wonder of the cross.
Bringing peace and forgiveness and a hope yet to come.
Let the nations put their trust in Him.

Chorus:
King of heaven, we will answer the call;
We will follow, bringing hope to the world,
Filled with passion, filled with pow'r to proclaim
Salvation in Jesus' name.

420 A CHARGE TO KEEP I HAVE

A charge to keep I have,
A God to glorify,
Who gave His Son my soul to save,
And fit it for the sky.

To serve the present age,
My calling to fulfill;
O may it all my powers engage
To do my Master's will!

Arm me with jealous care,
As in Thy sight to live,
And now Thy servant, Lord, prepare
A strict account to give!

Help me to watch and pray,
And still on Thee rely,
O let me not my trust betray,
But press to realms on high.

421 AM I A SOLDIER OF THE CROSS?

Am I a soldier of the cross,
A foll'wer of the Lamb?
And shall I fear to own His cause,
Or blush to speak His name?

Must I be carried to the skies
On flow'ry beds of ease,
While others fought to win the prize
And sailed thru bloody seas?

Are there no foes for me to face?
Must I not stem the flood?
Is this vile world a friend to grace
To help me on to God?

Sure I must fight if I would reign;
Increase my courage, Lord!
I'll bear the toil, endure the pain,
Supported by Thy Word.

422 SEE, HE COMES

See, He comes upon the clouds,
Jesus Christ our King appears.
All the saints bought by His blood
Will rise to meet Him in the air.
Earth and sea shall flee away,
All creation waits and groans,
For the Lord redeemer comes
To take His longing exiles home.

Chorus:
Hallelujah, hallelujah,
Come, O Lord, on earth to reign.
Hallelujah, hallelujah,
We await the coming day.

Those who mocked and scorned His name,
Pierced and nailed Him to the tree,
Deeply wail, in sorrow grieve,
When they the true Messiah see.
Ev'ry eye will see the Lord
Dressed in dreadful majesty;
Ev'ry knee shall bow before
The Judge of all eternity.

Still He bears the holy scars:
Evidence of saving grace.
All the saints bought by His blood
Shall then rejoice to see His face.
Yes, amen, let all adore
Christ on His eternal throne.
All the pow'r and might are Yours,
Come claim the kingdom as Your own.

423 ON JORDAN'S STORMY BANKS I STAND

On Jordan's stormy banks I stand
And cast a wishful eye
To Canaan's fair and happy land,
Where my possessions lie.

Chorus:
I am bound for the promised land,
I am bound for the promised land;
O who will come and go with me?
I am bound for the promised land.

All o'er those wide-extended plains
Shines one eternal day;
There God the Son forever reigns
And scatters night away.

No chilling winds nor pois'nous breath
Can reach that healthful shore;
Sickness and sorrow, pain and death
Are felt and feared no more.

When shall I reach that happy place
And be forever blest?
When shall I see my Father's face
And in His bosom rest?

424 COME QUICKLY, LORD

Creation groans beneath the curse
Rebellion's just reward.
We long to see the fall reversed
And Eden's joys restored.

Chorus:
Come quickly, Lord! Make all things new!
Redeem the church, Your bride.
With longing eyes we look for You,
For home is at Your side!

So weary of our trait'rous flesh
Of sin we hate, yet crave
We yearn to see temptation's death,
Indwelling sin's dark grave.

We want to hear the joyous cries
And join the ransomed throng;
"The Lamb is worthy!" praise will rise
From ev'ry tribe and tongue!

We joy to fix our gaze on Christ,
Though now our view is dim.
We long for heaven's grandest prize:
To see and be like Him!

425 GLORIOUS THINGS OF THEE ARE SPOKEN

Glorious things of thee are spoken,
Zion, city of our God;
He, whose word cannot be broken,
Formed thee for His own abode.
On the Rock of Ages founded,
What can shake thy sure repose?
With salvation's walls surrounded,
Thou may'st smile at all thy foes.

See, the streams of living waters,
Springing from eternal love,
Well supply thy sons and daughters,
And all fear of want remove.
Who can faint while such a river
Ever does their thirst assuage?
Grace which, like the Lord, the giver,
Never fails from age to age.

Blest inhabitants of Zion,
Washed in the Redeemer's blood!
Jesus, whom their souls rely on,
Makes them kings and priests to God.
'Tis His love His people raises
Over self to reign as kings,
And as priests, His solemn praises
Each for a thank off'ring brings.

Savior, if of Zion's city,
I through grace a member am,
Let the world deride or pity,
I will glory in Thy name;
Fading is the worldling's pleasure,
All his boasted pomp and show;
Solid joys and lasting treasure
None but Zion's children know.

426 HE SHALL COME AGAIN IN GLORY

He who wept above the grave,
He who stilled the raging wave,
Meek to suffer, strong to save,
He shall come again in glory!
He who sorrow's pathway trod,
He that ev'ry good bestowed,
Son of Man and Son of God
He shall come again in glory!

He who bled with scourging sore,
Thorns and scarlet meekly wore,
He who ev'ry sorrow bore
He shall come again in glory!
Monarch of the smitten cheek,
Scorn of Jew and scorn of Greek,
Priest and King, divinely meek
He shall come again in glory!

He who died to set us free,
He who comes, whom I shall see,
Jesus only, only He,
He shall ever reign in glory!

427 THE SANDS OF TIME ARE SINKING

The sands of time are sinking,
The dawn of heaven breaks;
The summer morn I've sighed for,
The fair sweet morn awakes;
Dark, dark hath been the midnight,
But day-spring is at hand,
And glory, glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land.

The King there in His beauty,
Without a veil is seen;
It were a well spent journey,
Though sev'n deaths lay between;
The Lamb with His fair army
Doth on Mount Zion stand,
And glory, glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land.

O Christ, He is the fountain,
The deep, deep well of love;
The streams on earth I've tasted,
More deep I'll drink above;
There to an ocean fullness
His mercy doth expand,
And glory, glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land.

With mercy and with judgment
My web of time He wove;
And always dews of sorrow
Were lustered with His love;
I'll bless the hand that guided,
I'll bless the heart that planned,
When throned where glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land.

Oh! I am my Beloved's,
And my Beloved's mine!
He brings a poor, vile sinner
Into His "house of wine;"
I stand upon His merit,
I know no other stand,
Not e'en where glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land.

The bride eyes not her garments
But her dear Bridegroom's face;
I will not gaze at glory
But on my King of grace:
Not at the crown He giveth
But on His pierced hand;
The Lamb is all the glory
Of Immanuel's land.

428 COME, WE THAT LOVE THE LORD

Come, we that love the Lord,
And let our joys be known;
Join in a song with sweet accord,
And thus surround the throne.

Let those refuse to sing
Who never knew our God;
But children of the heav'nly King
May speak their joys abroad.

The men of grace have found
Glory begun below;
Celestial fruit on earthly ground
From faith and hope may grow.

The hill of Zion yields
A thousand sacred sweets
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Or walk the golden streets.

Then let our songs abound,
And ev'ry tear be dry;
We're marching thru Immanuel's ground
To fairer worlds on high.

429 FOR THE BEAUTY OF THE EARTH

For the beauty of the earth,
For the glory of the skies,
For the love which from our birth
Over and around us lies:
Lord of all, to Thee we raise
This our hymn of grateful praise.

For the wonder of each hour
Of the day and of the night,
Hill and vale and tree and flow'r,
Sun and moon and stars of light:
Lord of all, to Thee we raise
This our hymn of grateful praise.

For the joy of human love,
Brother, sister, parent, child,
Friends on earth and friends above,
For all gentle thoughts and mild:
Lord of all, to Thee we raise
This our hymn of grateful praise.

For Your church that evermore
Lifteth holy hands above,
Off'ring up on ev'ry shore
Her pure sacrifice of love:
Lord of all, to Thee we raise
This our hymn of grateful praise.

For Yourself, best Gift Divine!
To our race so freely giv'n;
For that great, great love of Thine,
Peace on earth and joy in heav'n:
Lord of all, to Thee we raise
This our hymn of grateful praise.

431 GOD OF OUR FATHERS

God of our fathers, whose almighty hand
Leads forth in beauty all the starry band
Of shining worlds in splendor through the skies,
Our grateful songs before Thy throne arise.

Thy love divine hath led us in the past,
In this free land by Thee our lot is cast;
Be Thou our ruler, guardian, guide and stay,
Thy Word our law, Thy paths our chosen way.

From war's alarms, from deadly pestilence,
Be Thy strong arm our ever sure defense;
Thy true religion in our hearts increase,
Thy bounteous goodness nourish us in peace.

Refresh Thy people on their toilsome way,
Lead us from night to never-ending day;
Fill all our lives with love and grace divine,
And glory, laud and praise be ever Thine!

433 NOW THANK WE ALL OUR GOD

Now thank we all our God
With heart and hands and voices,
Who wondrous things hath done,
In whom His world rejoices;
Who, from our mothers' arms,
Hath blessed us on our way
With countless gifts of love,
And still is ours today.

O may this bounteous God
Through all our life be near us,
With ever joyful hearts
And blessed peace to cheer us;
And keep us in His grace,
And guide us when perplexed,
And free us from all ills
In this world and the next.

All praise and thanks to God
The Father now be given,
The Son, and Him who reigns
With them in highest heaven,
The one eternal God,
Whom earth and heav'n adore;
For thus it was, is now,
And shall be evermore.

435 WE GATHER TOGETHER

We gather together to ask the Lord's blessing;
He chastens and hastens His will to make known;
The wicked oppressing now cease from distressing:
Sing praises to His name, He forgets not His own.

Beside us to guide us, our God with us joining,
Ordaining, maintaining His kingdom divine;
So from the beginning the fight we were winning:
Thou, Lord, was at our side, all glory be Thine!

We all do extol Thee, Thou leader triumphant,
And pray that Thou still our defender wilt be.
Let Thy congregation escape tribulation:
Thy name be ever praised! O Lord, make us free!

436 COME, YE THANKFUL PEOPLE, COME

Come, ye thankful people, come,
Raise the song of harvest home;
All is safely gathered in,
Ere the winter storms begin.
God, our Maker, does provide
For our wants to be supplied;
Come to God's own temple, come,
Raise the song of harvest home.

We ourselves are God's own field,
Fruit unto His praise to yield;
Wheat and tares together sown,
Unto joy or sorrow grown.
First the blade, and then the ear,
Then the full corn shall appear;
Lord of harvest, grant that we
Wholesome grain and pure may be.

For the Lord our God shall come,
And shall take His harvest home;
From His field shall in that day
All offenses purge away,
Give His angels charge at last
In the fire the tares to cast,
But the fruitful ears to store
In His garner evermore.

Even so, Lord, quickly come
To Thy final harvest home;
Gather Thou Thy people in,
Free from sorrow, free from sin,
There, forever purified,
In Your presence to abide;
Come, with all Thine angels, come,
Raise the glorious harvest home.

437 NOW UNTO HIM

Now unto Him who is able to keep you from falling
And to make you stand in His presence blameless and with great joy,
To the only God, our Savior, through Jesus Christ our Lord,
Be the glory and the majesty, dominion and authority,
Both now and forever. Amen!

438 BENEDICTION

May the peace of God our Heav'nly Father,
And the grace of Christ the risen Son,
And the fellowship of God the Spirit
Keep our hearts and minds within His love.

May this peace which passes understanding,
And this grace which makes us what we are,
And this fellowship of His communion
Make us one in spirit and in heart.

And to Him be praise for His glorious reign,
From the depths of earth to the heights of heav'n;
We declare the name of the Lamb once slain,
Christ eternal, the King of kings!

439 DOXOLOGY (OWENS)

Praise God from whom all blessings flow.
Praise Him, all creatures here below.
Praise Him above, ye heav'nly host.
Praise Father, Son and Holy Ghost.

440 DOXOLOGY

Praise God, from whom all blessings flow;
Praise Him, all creatures here below;
Praise Him above, ye heav'nly host;
Praise Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Amen.

442 O BREATH OF GOD

O Breath of God, come fill this place;
Revive our hearts to know Your grace
And from our slumber make us rise,
That we may know the risen Christ.

O Word of God, so clear and true,
Renew our minds to trust in You;
And give to us the Bread of Life,
That we may know the risen Christ.

O Love of God, so unrestrained,
Refresh our souls in Jesus' name.
Let us reflect Your sacrifice,
That we may know the risen Christ.

May God the Father, God the Son
And God the Spirit make us one;
In holiness let us unite,
That we may know the risen Christ.

444 NOW BLESSED BE THE LORD OUR GOD

Now blessed be the Lord our God,
The God of Israel;
For He alone does wondrous works
In glory that excel.

And blessed be His glorious name
To all eternity;
The whole earth let His glory fill.
Amen, so let it be.

His wide dominion shall extend
From sea to utmost sea,
And unto earth's remotest bounds
His peaceful rule shall be.

Yea, all the kings shall bow to Him,
His rule all nations hail;
He will regard the poor man's cry
When other helpers fail.
