1 O WORSHIP THE KING

O worship the King, all glorious above,
And gratefully sing His pow'r and His love;
Our Shield and Defender, the Ancient of Days,
Pavilioned in splendor, and girded with praise.

O tell of His might, O sing of His grace,
Whose robe is the light, whose canopy space,
His chariots of wrath the deep thunderclouds form,
And dark is His path on the wings of the storm.

Thy bountiful care, what tongue can recite?
It breathes in the air, it shines in the light;
It streams from the hills, it descends to the plain,
And sweetly distills in the dew and the rain.

Frail children of dust, and feeble as frail,
In Thee do we trust, nor find Thee to fail;
Thy mercies how tender, how firm to the end!
Our Maker, Defender, Redeemer, and Friend.

2 O WORSHIP THE KING

O worship the King, All glorious above,
O gratefully sing His power and His love;
Our Shield and Defender, The Ancient of Days,
Pavilioned in splendor, And girded with praise.

O tell of His might, O sing of His grace,
Whose robe is the light, Whose canopy space,
His chariots of wrath The deep thunderclouds form,
And dark is His path On the wings of the storm.

The earth, with its store Of wonders untold,
Almighty, Thy power hath founded of old;
Hath stablished it fast, By a changeless decree,
And round it hath cast, Like a mantle, the sea.

3 LOVE DIVINE

Love divine, all loves excelling, Joy of heav'n to earth come down;
Fix in us Thy humble dwelling, All thy faithful mercies crown.
Jesus, Thou art all compassion, Pure unbounded love Thou art;
Visit us with Thy salvation; Enter ev'ry trembling heart.

Breathe, O breathe Thy loving Spirit, Into ev'ry troubled breast!
Let us all in Thee inherit, Let us find that second rest.
Take away our bent to sinning, Alpha and Omega be;
End of faith, as its beginning, Set our hearts at liberty.

Come, almighty to deliver, Let us all Thy life receive;
Suddenly return and never, Never more Thy temples leave.
Thee we would be always blessing, Serve Thee as Thy hosts above,
Pray and praise Thee without ceasing, Glory in Thy perfect love.

Finish, then, Thy new creation, Pure and spotless let us be;
Let us see Thy great salvation, Perfectly restored in Thee;
Changed from glory into glory, Till in heav'n we take our place,
Till we cast our crowns before Thee,aLost in wonder, love, and praise.

4 LOVE DIVINE, ALL LOVES EXCELLING

Love divine, all loves excelling, Joy of heav'n to earth come down!
Fix in us Thy humble dwelling, All thy faithful mercies crown.
Jesus, Thou art all compassion, Pure unbounded love Thou art;
Visit us with Thy salvation; Enter ev'ry trembling heart.

Breathe, O breathe Thy loving Spirit, Into ev'ry troubled breast!
Let us all in Thee inherit, Let us find that promised rest.
Take away the love of sinning; Alpha and Omega be;
End of faith, as its beginning, Set our hearts at liberty.

Come, almighty to deliver, Let us all Thy grace receive!
Suddenly return and never, Never more Thy temples leave;
Thee we would be always blessing, Serve Thee as Thy hosts above,
Pray and praise Thee without ceasing, Glory in Thy perfect love.

Finish, then, Thy new creation, Pure and spotless let us be;
Let us see Thy great salvation, Perfectly restored in Thee!
Changed from glory into glory, Till in heaven we take our place;
Till we cast our crowns before Thee, Lost in wonder, love, and praise.

5 COMMAND THY BLESSING FROM ABOVE

Command Thy blessing from above, O God! on all assembled here:
Behold us with a Father's love, While we look up with filial fear.

Command Thy blessing, Jesus, Lord! May we Thy true disciples be;
Speak to each heart the mighty word, Say to the weakest, Follow Me.

Command Thy blessing in this hour, Spirit of truth! and fill the place
With humbling and exalting pow'r, With quick'ning and confirming grace.

With Thee and Thine forever found, May all the souls who here unite,
With harps and songs Thy throne surround, Rest in Thy love, and reign in light.

6 THE SPACIOUS FIRMAMENT ON HIGH

The spacious firmament on high, With all the blue ethereal sky,
And spangled heavens, a shining frame, Their great Original proclaim.
Th'unwearied sun, from day to day, Does his Creator's powers display,
And publishes to every land, The work of an almighty hand.

Soon as the evening shades prevail, The moon takes up the wondrous tale,
And nightly to the listening earth, Repeats the story of her birth;
Whilst all the stars that round her burn, And all the planets in their turn,
Confirm the tidings as they roll, And spread the truth from pole to pole.

What though in solemn silence all, Move round this dark terrestrial ball?
What though no real voice nor sound, Amidst the radiant orbs be found?
In reason's ear they all rejoice, And utter forth a glorious voice;
Forever singing as they shine, "The hand that made us is divine."

Amen.

7 GOD MOVES IN A MYSTERIOUS WAY

God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea,
And rides upon the storm.

Deep in unfathomable mines
Of never failing skill
He treasures up His bright designs
And works His sovereign will.

Judge not the Lord by feeble sense,
But trust Him for His grace;
Behind a frowning providence
He hides a smiling face.

His purposes will ripen fast,
Unfolding every hour;
The bud may have a bitter taste,
But sweet will be the flower.

Blind unbelief is sure to err
And scan His work in vain;
God is His own interpreter,
And He will make it plain.

8 HOLY, HOLY, HOLY

Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty!
Early in the morning our song shall rise to Thee;
Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty!
God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!

Holy, Holy, Holy! All the saints adore Thee,
Casting down their golden crowns around the glassy sea;
Cherubim and seraphim falling down before Thee,
Who wert and art and evermore shalt be.

Holy, Holy, Holy! Tho the darkness hide Thee,
Tho the eye of sinful man Thy glory may not see;
Only Thou art holy - there is none beside Thee,
Perfect in pow'r, in love, and purity.

Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty!
All Thy works shall praise Thy Name in earth and sky and sea;
Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty!
God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!

9 SUN OF MY SOUL

Sun of my soul, Thou Savior dear,
It is not night if Thou be near;
O may no earthborn cloud arise
To hide Thee from Thy servant's eyes.

When the soft dews of kindly sleep
My wearied eyelids gently steep,
Be my last thought, how sweet to rest
Forever on my Savior's breast!

Abide with me from morn till eve,
For without Thee I cannot live;
Abide with me when night is nigh,
For without Thee I dare not die.

Be near to bless me when I wake,
Ere thru the world my way I take;
Abide with me till in Thy love
I lose myself in heav'n above.

10 STILL, STILL WITH THEE

Still, still with Thee, when purple morning breaketh,
When the bird waketh, and the shadows flee;
Fairer than morning, lovelier than daylight,
Dawns the sweet consciousness - I am with Thee!

Alone with Thee, amid the mystic shadows -
The solemn hush of nature newly born;
Alone with Thee in breathless adoration,
In the calm dew and freshness of the morn!

Still, still with Thee - as to each newborn morning,
A fresh and solemn splendor still is giv'n,
So doth this blessed consciousness, awaking,
Breathe each day nearness unto Thee and heav'n!

When sinks the soul, subdued by toil, to slumber,
Its closing eyes look up to Thee in prayer;
Sweet the repose beneath Thy wings o'ershading,
But sweeter still to wake and find Thee there!

So shall it be at last, in that bright morning,
When the soul waketh and life's shadows flee;
O in that hour, fairer than daylight dawning,
Shall rise the glorious tho't - I am with Thee!

11 MAY JESUS CHRIST BE PRAISED

When morning gilds the skies, My heart awaking cries:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
Alike at work and prayer, to Jesus I repair:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

Does sadness fill my mind? A solace here I find:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
Or fades my earthly bliss? My comfort still is this:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

In heav'n's eternal bliss, The loveliest strain is this:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
The pow'rs of darkness fear, When this sweet chant they hear:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

Be this, while life is mine, My canticle divine:
May Jesus Christ be praised!
Be this th'eternal song, Thru all the ages long:
May Jesus Christ be praised!

12 NOW THE DAY IS OVER

Now the day is over, Night is drawing nigh;
Shadows of the evening, Steal across the sky.

Jesus, give the weary, Calm and sweet repose;
With Thy tend'rest blessing, May our eyelids close.

Grant to little children, Visions bright of Thee;
Guard the sailors tossing, On the deep blue sea.

Thru the long night watches, May Thine angels spread
Their white wings above me, Watching round my bed.

When the morning wakens, Then may I arise
Pure and fresh and sinless, In Thy holy eyes.

13 ABIDE WITH ME

Abide with me - fast falls the eventide,
The darkness deepens - Lord, with me abide;
When other helpers fail and comforts flee,
Help of the helpless, O abide with me!

Swift to its close ebbs out life's little day,
Earth's joys grow dim, its glories pass away;
Change and decay in all around I see -
O Thou who changest not, abide with me!

I need Thy presence ev'ry passing hour -
What but Thy grace can foil the tempter's pow'r?
Who, like Thyself, my guide and stay can be?
Thru cloud and sunshine, O, abide with me!

Hold Thou Thy word before my closing eyes,
Shine thru the gloom and point me to the skies;
Heav'n's morning breaks and earth's vain shadows flee -
In life, in death, O Lord, abide with me!

14 SEND OUT THY LIGHT AND THY TRUTH

Send out Thy light and Thy truth, let them lead me;
O let them bring me to Thy holy hill.
Send out Thy light and Thy truth, let them lead me;
O let them bring me to Thy holy hill.
O let them lead me, O let them lead me,
O let them bring me to Thy holy hill.

Lead me, O Lord, in the way everlasting;
O lead and guide me to Thy holy hill.
Lead me, O Lord, in the way everlasting;
O lead and guide me to Thy holy hill.
O do Thou lead me, O do Thou guide me,
O lead and guide me to Thy holy hill.

15 HOW SHALL I SING THAT MAJESTY

How shall I sing that majesty, Which angels do admire?
Let dust in dust and silence lie; Sing, sing, ye heavenly choir.
Thousands of thousands stand around, Thy throne, O God most high;
Ten thousand times ten thousand sound, Thy praise; but who am I?

Thy brightness unto them appears; Whilst I Thy footsteps trace.
A sound of God comes to my ears, But they behold Thy face.
They sing because Thou art their Sun; Lord, send a beam on me;
For where heaven is but once begun, There Hallelujahs be.

Enlighten with faith's light my heart, Inflame it with love's fire;
Then shall I sing and bear a part, With that celestial choir.
I shall, I fear, be dark and cold, With all my fire and light;
Yet when Thou dost accept their gold, Lord, treasure up my mite.

How great a being, Lord, is Thine, Which doth all beings keep!
Thy knowledge is the only line, To sound so vast a deep.
Thou art a sea without a shore, A sun without a sphere;
Thy time is now and evermore, Thy place is everywhere.

16 HOLY GOD, WE PRAISE THY NAME

Holy God, we praise Thy Name - Lord of all, we bow before Thee!
All on earth Thy scepter claim, All in heav'n above adore Thee:
Infinite Thy vast domain, Everlasting is Thy reign.

Hark! the loud celestial hymn, Angel choirs above are raising;
Cherubim and Seraphim, In unceasing chorus praising,
Fill the heav'ns with sweet accord - Holy, holy, holy, Lord!

Lo! the apostolic train, Joins Thy sacred Name to hallow;
Prophets swell the glad refrain, And the white-robed martyrs follow;
And, from morn to set of sun, Thru the Church the song goes on.

Holy Father, Holy Son, Holy Spirit, Three we name Thee;
While in essence only One, Undivided God we claim Thee;
And adoring bend the knee, While we sing our praise to Thee.

17 BEGIN, MY TONGUE, SOME HEAVENLY THEME

Begin, my tongue, some heav'nly theme,
And speak some boundless thing -
The mighty works or mightier name
Of our eternal King.

Tell of His wonderful faithfulness
And sound His pow'r abroad;
Sing the sweet promise of His grace,
The love and truth of God.

His very word of grace is strong
As that which built the skies;
The voice that rolls the stars along
Speaks all the promises.

O might I hear Thy heav'nly tongue
But whisper, "Thou art Mine!"
Those gentle words shall raise my song
To notes almost divine.

18 COME, THOU ALMIGHTY KING

Come, Thou almighty King, Help us Thy Name to sing,
Help us to praise: Father all glorious,
Oaer all victorious, Come and reign over us,
Ancient of Days.

Come, Thou Incarnate Word, Gird on Thy mighty sword,
Our prayer attend: Come and Thy people bless,
And give Thy Word success - Spirit of holiness,
On us descend.

Come, Holy Comforter, Thy sacred witness bear,
In this glad hour: Thou Who almighty art,
Now rule in ev'ry heart, And ne'er from us depart,
Spirit of pow'r.

To the great One in Three, Eternal praises be,
Hence evermore: His sov'reign majesty,
May we in glory see, And to eternity,
Love and adore.

19 COME, WE THAT LOVE THE LORD

Come, we that love the Lord,
And let our joys be known;
Join in a song with sweet accord,
And thus surround the throne.

Let those refuse to sing,
Who never knew our God;
But children of the heav'nly King,
May speak their joys abroad.

The hill of Zion yields
A thousand sacred sweets
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Or walk the golden streets.

Then let our songs abound,
And ev'ry tear be dry;
We're marching through Emmanuel's ground,
To fairer worlds on high.

20 ALL PEOPLE THAT ON EARTH DO DWELL

All people that on earth do dwell,
Sing to the Lord with cheerful voice;
Him serve with fear, His praise forth-tell,
Come ye before Him and rejoice.

Know that the Lord is God indeed:
Without our aid He did us make;
We are His folk, He doth us feed,
And for His sheep He doth us take.

O enter then His gates with praise,
Approach with joy His courts unto;
Praise, laud, and bless His Name always,
For it is seemly so to do.

For why? the Lord our God is good;
His mercy is for ever sure;
His truth at all times firmly stood,
And shall from age to age endure.

21 O GOD, OUR HELP IN AGES PAST

Our God, our help in ages past,
Our hope for years to come,
Our shelter from the stormy blast,
And our eternal home!

Under the shadow of Thy throne
Thy saints have dwelt secure;
Sufficient is Thine arm alone,
And our defense is sure.

Before the hills in order stood,
Or earth received her frame,
From everlasting Thou art God,
To endless years the same.

Time, like an ever rolling stream,
Bears all its sons away;
They fly, forgotten, as a dream
Dies at the opening day.

Our God, our help in ages past,
Our hope for years to come,
Be Thou our guard while life shall last,
And our eternal home.

22 WHEN ALL THY MERCIES, O MY GOD

When all Thy mercies, O my God,
My rising soul surveys,
Transported with the view, I'm lost
In wonder, love and praise.

Unnumbered comforts to my soul
Thy tender care bestowed,
Before my infant heart conceived
From Whom those comforts flowed.

When worn with sickness, oft hast Thou
With health renewed my face;
And, when in sins and sorrows bowed,
Revived my soul with grace.

Thru ev'ry period of my life
Thy goodness I'll pursue
And after death, in distant worlds,
The glorious theme renew.

23 O SPLENDOR OF GOD'S GLORY BRIGHT

O splendor of God's glory bright,
From light eternal bringing light,
Thou Light of light, light's living Spring,
True Day, all days illumining.

Come, very Sun of heaven's love,
In lasting radiance from above,
And pour the Holy Spirit's ray
On all we think or do today.

And now to Thee our pray'rs ascend,
O Father, glorious without end;
We plead with Sovereign Grace for pow'r
To conquer in temptation's hour.

Confirm our will to do the right,
And keep our hearts from envy's blight;
Let faith her eager fires renew,
And hate the false, and love the true.

O joyful be the passing day
With thoughts as pure as morning's ray,
With faith like noontide shining bright,
Our souls unshadowed by the night.

Dawn's glory gilds the earth and skies,
Let Him, our prefect Morn, arise,
The Word in God the Father one,
The Father imaged by the Son.

Amen.

24 PRAISE TO THE LORD, THE ALMIGHTY

Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of creation!
O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation!
All ye who hear, Now to His temple draw near;
Join me in glad adoration.

Praise to the Lord, who o'er all things so wondrously reigneth,
Shelters thee under His wings, yea, so gently sustaineth!
Hast thou not seen, How thy desires e'er have been
Granted in what He ordaineth?

Praise to the Lord, who with marvelous wisdom hath made thee!
Decked thee with health, and with loving hand guided and stayed thee;
How oft in grief, Hath not He brought thee relief,
Spreading His wings for to shade thee!

Praise to the Lord! O let all that is in me adore Him!
All that hath life and breath, come now with praises before Him!
Let the Amen, Sound from His people again:
Gladly for aye we adore Him.

Amen.

25 THE LORD IS KING!

The Lord is King! Lift up, lift up thy voice - Sing His praise, sing His praise!
All heav'n and earth before Him now rejoice - Sing His praise, sing His praise!
From world to world the joy shall ring, For He alone is God and King;
From sky to sky His banners fling - Sing His praise, sing His praise!

The Lord is King! Let all His worth declare - Great is He, great is He!
Bow to His will and trust His tender care - Great is He, great is He!
Nor murmur at His wise decrees, Nor doubt His steadfast promises;
In humble faith fall on thy knees - Great is He, great is He!

The Lord is King! And bow to Him ye must - God is great, God is good!
The Judge of all to all is ever just - God is great, God is good!
Holy and true are all His ways: Let ev'ry creature shout His praise;
The Lord of Hosts, Ancient of Days - God is great, God is good!

The Lord is King! Thru-out His vast domain, He is all, all in all!
The Lord Jehovah evermore shall reign - He is all, all in all!
Thru earth and heav'n one song shall ring, From grateful hearts this anthem spring:
Arise, ye saints, salute thy King - All thy days, sing His praise!

26 COME, THOU FOUNT

Come, Thou Fount of every blessing, Tune my heart to sing Thy grace;
Streams of mercy, never ceasing, Call for songs of loudest praise.
Teach me some melodious sonnet, Sung by flaming tongues above.
Praise the mount! I'm fixed upon it - Mount of Thy redeeming love.

Here I raise my Ebenezer - Hither by Thy great help I'm come;
And I hope by Thy good pleasure, Safely to arrive at home.
Jesus sought me when a stranger, Wander'ng from the fold of God;
He to rescue me from danger, Interposed His precious blood.

O to grace how great a debtor, Daily I'm constrained to be!
Let Thy goodness, like a fetter, Bind my wand'ring heart to Thee.
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it - Prone to leave the God I love;
Here's my heart - O take and seal it, Seal it for Thy courts above.

27 NOW THANK WE ALL OUR GOD

Now thank we all our God, With heart and hands and voices,
Who wondrous things has done, In whom this world rejoices;
Who from our mothers' arms, Hath blessed us on our way
With countless gifts of love, And still is ours today.

O may this bounteous God, Thru all our life be near us,
With ever joyful hearts, And blessA"d peace to cheer us;
And keep us in His grace, And guide us when perplexed,
And free us from all ills, In this world and the next.

All praise and thanks to God the Father now be given,
The Son and Him Who reigns, With Them in highest heaven -
The one eternal God, Whom earth and heav'n adore -
For thus it was, is now, And shall be evermore.

28 THE GOD OF ABRAHAM PRAISE

The God of Abraham praise, Who reigns enthroned above,
Ancient of everlasting days, And God of love.
Jehovah, great I AM, By earth and heav'n confessed,
I bow and bless the sacred Name, Forever blessed.

The God of Abraham praise, at whose supreme command
From earth I rise and seek the joys, At His right hand.
I all on earth forsake, Its wisdom, fame, and pow'r,
And Him my only portion make, My shield and tow'r.

He by Himself has sworn - I on His oath depend;
I shall, on eagle's wings upborne, To heav'n ascend.
I shall behold His face, I shall His pow'r adore,
And sing the wonders of His grace, Forevermore.

The whole triumphant host, Give thanks to God on high;
Hail, Abraham's God, and mine! I join the heav'nly lays;
All might and majesty are Thine, And endless praise.

29 I SING THE MIGHTY POWER OF GOD

I sing the mighty power of God, That made the mountains rise,
That spread the flowing seas abroad, And built the lofty skies.
I sing the wisdom that ordained, The sun to rule the day;
The moon shines full at His command, And all the stars obey.

I sing the goodness of the Lord, That filled the earth with food;
He formed the creatures with His word, And then pronounced them good.
Lord, how Thy wonders are displayed, Where'er I turn my eye:
If I survey the ground I tread, Or gaze upon the sky!

There's not a plant or flow'r below, But makes Thy glories known;
And clouds arise and tempests blow, By order from Thy throne;
While all that borrows life from Thee, Is ever in Thy care,
And ev'rywhere that man can be, Thou, God art present there.

30 ALL CREATURES OF OUR GOD AND KING

All creatures of our God and King, Lift up your voice and with us sing,
Alleluia! Alleluia!
Thou burning sun with golden beam, Thou silver moon with softer gleam:
O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia, Alleluia! Alleluia!

Thou rushing wind that art so strong, Ye clouds that sail in heav'n along,
O praise Him! Alleluia!
Thou rising morn, in praise rejoice, Ye lights of evening, find a voice:
O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia, Alleluia! Alleluia!

Dear mother earth, who day by day, Unfoldest blessings on our way,
O praise Him! Alleluia!
The flowers and fruits that in thee grow, Let them His glory also show:
O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia, Alleluia! Alleluia!

And all ye men of tender heart, Forgiving others, take your part,
O sing ye! Alleluia!
Ye who long pain and sorrow bear, Praise God and on Him cast your care:
O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia, Alleluia! Alleluia!

Let all things their Creator bless, And worship Him in humbleness -
O praise Him! Alleluia!
Praise, praise the Father, praise the Son, And praise the Spirit, Three in One:
O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia, Alleluia! Alleluia!

Praise God, from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him all creatures here below -
Alleluia, Alleluia!
Praise Him above, ye heav'nly host, Praise Father, Son and Holy Ghost:

Alleluia, Alleluia, Alleluia, Alleluia!

31 BLESSED BE THE NAME

All praise to Him Who reigns above
In majesty supreme,
Who gave His Son for man to die,
That He might man redeem!

Blessed be the name, blessed be the name,
Blessed be the name of the Lord!
Blessed be the name, blessed be the name,
Blessed be the name of the Lord!

His name above all names shall stand,
Exalted more and more,
At God the Father's own right hand,
Where angel hosts adore.

Redeemer, Savior, Friend of man
Once ruined by the fall,
Thou hast devised salvation's plan,
For Thou hast died for all.

His Name shall be the Counsellor,
The mighty Prince of Peace,
Of all earth's kingdoms Conqueror,
Whose reign shall never cease.

32 IMMORTAL, INVISIBLE, GOD ONLY WISE

Immortal, invisible, God only wise,
In light inaccessible hid from our eyes,
Most blessed, most glorious, the Ancient of Days,
Almighty, victorious, Thy great Name we praise.

Unresting, unhasting, and silent as light,
Nor wanting, nor wasting, Thou rulest in might;
Thy justice, like mountains, high soaring above,
Thy clouds, which are fountains of goodness and love.

To all life Thou givest, to both great and small;
In all life Thou livest, the true life of all;
We blossom and flourish as leaves on the tree,
And wither and perish, but naught changeth Thee.

Great Father of glory, pure Father of light,
Thine angels adore Thee, all veiling their sight;
All laud we would render, O help us to see

Immortal, invisible, God only wise,
In light inaccessible hid from our eyes,
Most blessed, most glorious, the Ancient of Days,
Almighty, victorious, Thy great Name we praise.

33 THOU ART THE KING OF ISRAEL

All glory, laud and honour, To Thee, Redeemer, King,
To Whom the lips of children, Made sweet hosannas ring!

Thou art the King of Israel, Thou David's royal Son,
Who in the Lord's Name comest, The King and blessed one:


The company of angels, Are praising Thee on high,
And mortal men and all things, Created make reply:


The people of the Hebrews, With palms before Thee went;
Our praise and prayer and anthems, Before Thee we present:


To Thee, before Thy Passion, They sang their hymns of praise;
To Thee, now high exalted, Our melody we raise:


Thou didst accept their praises; Accept the prayers we bring,
Who in all good delightest, Thou good and gracious King:

34 CROWN HIM WITH MANY CROWNS

Crown Him with many crowns, The Lamb upon His throne:
Hark! How the heav'nly anthem drowns, All music but its own!
Awake, my soul, and sing, Of Him who died for thee,
And hail Him as thy matchless King, Thru all eternity.

Crown Him the Lord of love: Behold His hands and side -
Rich wounds, yet visible above, In beauty glorified;
No angel in the sky, Can fully bear that sight,
But downward bends his wond'ring eye, At mysteries so bright.

Crown Him the Lord of life: who triumphed o'er the grave,
Who rose victorious in the strife, For those He came to save;
His glories now we sing, Who died, and rose on high,
Who died eternal life to bring, And lives that death may die.

Crown Him the Lord of heav'n: One with the Father known,
One with the Spirit thru Him giv'n, From yonder glorious throne.
To Thee be endless praise, For Thou for us hast died;
Be Thou, O Lord, thru endless days, Adored and magnified.

Crown Him the Lord of Heaven, enthroned in worlds above,

Crown Him the King to Whom is given the wondrous name of Love.

Crown Him with many crowns, as thrones before Him fall;

Crown Him, ye kings, with many crowns, for He is King of all.

35 THROUGH ALL THE CHANGING SCENES OF LIFE

Through all the changing scenes of life,
In trouble and in joy,
The praises of my God shall still
My heart and tongue employ.

O magnify the Lord with me,
With me exalt His name;
When in distress to Him I called,
He to my rescue came.

The hosts of God encamp around
The dwellings of the just;
Deliv'rnce He affords to all
Who on His succour trust.

O make but trial of His love;
Experience will decide
How blest they are, and only they,
Who in His truth confide.

Fear Him, ye saints, and you will then
Have nothing else to fear;
Make you His service your delight,
Your wants shall be His care.

36 HIGH IN THE HEAVENS, ETERNAL GOD

High in the heavens, eternal God,
Thy goodness in full glory shines;
Thy truth shall break through every cloud
That veils and darkens Thy designs.

Forever firm Thy justice stands,
As mountains their foundations keep;
Wise are the wonders of Thy hands;
Thy judgments are a mighty deep.

My God, how excellent thy grace,
Whence all our hope and comfort spring!
The sons of Adam in distress
Fly to the shadow of Thy wing.

Life, like a fountain, rich and free,
Springs from the presence of my Lord;
And in thy light our souls shall see
The glories promised in thy Word.

Amen.

37 PRAISE, MY SOUL, THE KING OF HEAVEN

Praise, my soul, the King of Heaven;
To his feet thy tribute bring;
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
Who, like me, his praise should sing?
Praise him! praise him! Praise him! praise him!
Praise the everlasting King!

Praise Him for His grace and favor,
To our fathers in distress;
Praise Him, still the same forever,
Slow to chide, and swift to bless.
Praise him! praise him! Praise him! praise him!
Glorious in his faithfulness!

Fatherlike He tends and spares us;
Well our feeble frame He knows;
In his hands he gently bears us,
Rescues us from all our foes.
Praise him! praise him! Praise him! praise him!
Widely yet His mercy flows!

Angels, help us to adore him;
Ye behold him face to face;
Sun and moon, bow down before him,
Dwellers all in time and space,
Praise him! praise him! Praise him! praise him!
Praise with us the God of grace!

Amen.

38 AS PANTS THE HART FOR COOLING STREAMS

As pants the hart for cooling streams,
When heated in the chase,
So longs my soul, O God, for Thee,
And Thy refreshing grace.

For Thee, my God, the living God,
My thirsty soul doth pine:
O, when shall I behold Thy face,
Thou Majesty divine?

Why restless, why cast down, my soul?
Hope still, and thou shalt sing
The praise of Him Who is thy God,
Thy health's eternal spring.

To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,
The God Whom we adore,
Be glory as it was, is now,
And shall be evermore.

39 THEE WILL I LOVE

Thee will I love, my strength, my tow'r,
Thee I adore, my joy, my crown,
Thee will I love with all my pow'r,
I love Thy name, and Thine alone;
Thee will I love, till Holy Ghost fire
Fill all my soul with pure desire.

In darkness foolishly I strayed,
I sought Thee, yet from Thee I roved,
Too long my selfish thoughts obeyed
The creature more than Thee I loved;
But now Thy truth at last I see,

I thank Thee, O Thou Righteous Sun,
For Thy bright beams on me have shined;
Thou hast the Tempter overthrown
My woes removed and healed my mind;
I thank Thee, whose quick'ning voice
Bids my poor heart in Thee rejoice.

Thee will I love, my joy, my crown,
Thee I adore, my Lord, my God;
Thee will I love, beneath Thy frown,
I see Thy smile, Thy shepherd's rod;
Let good and kindred pass away;
With Thee I'll dwell in endless day!

40 GOD THE OMNIPOTENT

God the Omnipotent! King, who ordainest
Thunder thy clarion, the lightning thy sword,
Show forth thy pity on high where thou reignest:
Give to us peace in our time, O Lord.

God the All-merciful! earth hath forsaken
Thy ways all holy, and slighted thy word;
Bid not thy wrath in its terrors awaken:
Give to us peace in our time, O Lord.

God the all-righteous One! man hath defied thee;
Yet to eternity standeth thy word;
Falsehood and wrong shall not tarry beside thee:
Give to us peace in our time, O Lord.

God the All-provident! earth by thy chastening
Yet shall to freedom and truth be restored;
Through the thick darkness thy kingdom is hastening:
Thou wilt give peace in thy time, O Lord.

Amen.

41 BEFORE JEHOVAH'S AWEFUL THRONE

Before Jehovah's aweful throne,
Ye nations bow with sacred joy;
Know that the Lord is God alone,
He can create, and He destroy.

His sovereign power, without our aid,
Made us of clay, and formed us men;
And when, like wandering sheep we strayed,
He brought us to His fold again.

We are his people, we his care,
Our souls, and all our mortal frame;
What lasting honors shall we rear,
Almighty Maker, to thy name?

We'll crowd thy gates with thankful songs,
High as the heavens our voices raise;
And earth, with her ten thousand tongues,
Shall fill Thy courts with sounding praise.

Wide as the world is thy command,
Vast as eternity thy love;
Firm as a rock thy truth must stand,
When rolling years shall cease to move.

Amen.

42 PRAISE THE LORD! YE HEAVENS, ADORE HIM

Praise the Lord! ye heavens, adore him;
Praise Him, angels in the height;
Sun and moon, rejoice before him;
Praise Him, all ye stars of light.
Praise the Lord! for He hath spoken;
Worlds His mighty voice obeyed.
Laws which never shall be broken
For their guidance he hath made.

Praise the Lord! for he is glorious;
Never shall his promise fail;
God hath made His saints victorious;
Sin and death shall not prevail.
Praise the God of our salvation!
Hosts on high, his power proclaim;
Heaven, and earth, and all creation,
Laud and magnify his name.

Amen.

43 GOD IS STILL ON THE THRONE

Have you started for glory and heaven,
Have you left this old world far behind?
In your heart is the Comforter dwelling,
Can you say, "Praise the Lord, He is mine;"
Have the ones that once walked on the highway,
Gone back, and you seem all alone?
Keep your eyes on the prize, for the home in the skies;
God is still on the throne.

God is still on the throne,
And He will remember His own;
Though trials may press us and burdens distress us,
He never will leave us alone;
God is still on the throne,
He never forsaketh His own;
His promise is true, He will not forget you,
God is still on the throne.

Burdened soul, is your heart growing weary
With the toil and the heat of the day;
Does it seem that your path is more thorny,
As you journey along on life's way?
Go away and in secret before Him
Tell your grief to the Savior alone;
He will lighten your care, for He still answers prayer;
God is still on the throne.

You may live in a tent or a cottage,
Unnoticed by those who pass by;
But a mansion for you He is building
In that beautiful city on high;
It will outshine the wealth and the splendor
Of the richest on earth we have known;
He's the Architect true, and He's building for you;
God is still on the throne.

He is coming again, is the promise
To disciples when He went away;
In like manner as He has gone from you,
You will see Him returning some day;
Does His tarrying cause you to wonder,
Does it seem He's forgotten His own?
His promise is true, He is coming for you;
God is still on the throne.

44 WE PRAISE THEE, O GOD, OUR REDEEMER

We praise Thee, O God, our Redeemer, Creator -
In grateful devotion our tribute we bring;
We lay it before Thee, we kneel and adore Thee,
We bless Thy holy Name, glad praises we sing.

We worship Thee, God of our fathers, we bless Thee -
Thru life's storm and tempest our Guide hast Thou been;
When perils o'ertake us, escape Thou will make us,
And with Thy help, O Lord, our battles we win.

With voices united our praises we offer -
To Thee, great Jehovah, glad anthems we raise;
Thy strong arm will guide us, our God is beside us -
To Thee, our great Redeemer, forever be praise!

45 WE GATHER TOGETHER

We gather together to ask the Lord's blessing,
He chastens and hastens His will to make known;
The wicked oppressing now cease from distressing;
Sing praises to His name - He forgets not His own.

Beside us to guide us, our God with us joining,
Ordaining, maintaining His kingdom divine;
So from the beginning the fight we were winning:
Thou, Lord, was at our side - all glory be Thine!

We all do extol Thee, Thou Leader triumphant,
And pray that Thou still our defender wilt be;
Let Thy congregation escape tribulation:
Thy name be ever praised! O Lord, make us free!

46 A MIGHTY FORTRESS IS OUR GOD

A mighty fortress is our God, a bulwark never failing;
Our helper He amid the flood, Of mortal ills prevailing.
For still our ancient foe, Doth seek to work us woe -
His craft and powe'r are great, And, armed with cruel hate,
On earth is not his equal.

Did we in our own strength confide, Our striving would be losing,
Were not the right Man on our side, The Man of God's own choosing.
Dost ask who that may be? Christ Jesus, it is He -
Lord Sabaoth His Name, From age to age the same -
And He must win the battle.

And tho this world, with devils filled, Should threaten to undo us,
We will not fear, for God hath willed, His truth to triumph thru us.
The prince of darkness grim - We tremble not for him;
His rage we can endure, For lo! his doom is sure -
One little word shall fell him.

That word above all earthly pow'rs - No thanks to them - abideth;
The Spirit and the gifts are ours, Thru Him who with us sideth.
Let goods and kindred go, This mortal life also;
The body they may kill: God's truth abideth still -
His kingdom is forever.

47 GREAT IS THY FAITHFULNESS

Great is Thy faithfulness, O God my Father!
There is no shadow of turning with Thee;
Thou changest not, Thy compassions, they fail not:
As Thou hast been, Thou forever wilt be.

Great is Thy faithfulness! Great is Thy faithfulness!
Morning by morning new mercies I see;
All I have needed Thy hand hath provided -
Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me!

Summer and winter and springtime and harvest,
Sun, moon and stars in their courses above,
Join with all nature in manifold witness
To Thy great faithfulness, mercy and love.

Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth,
Thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide;
Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow -
Blessings all mine, with ten thousand beside!

48 O BLESS OUR GOD WITH ONE ACCORD

O bless our God with once accord,
Ye faithful servants of the Lord,
Who in his house do stand by night;
And praise him there with all your might.

Lift up your hands, in prayer draw nigh
Unto his sanctuary high;
Bless ye the Lord, kneel at his feet,
And worship him with reverence meet.

Jehovah bless thee from above,
From Zion in his boundless love,
Our God, who heav'n and earth did frame;
Bles be his great and holy Name.

Amen.

49 HOW GREAT THOU ART!

O Lord my God, when I in awesome wonder
Consider all the worlds Thy hands have made,
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder,
Thy pow'r thru out the universe displayed!

Then sings my soul, my Savior God, to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Savior God, to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!

When thru the woods and forest glades I wander
And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees,
When I look down from lofty mountain grandeur
And hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze

And when I think that God, His Son not sparing,
Sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in -
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing,
He bled and died to take away my sin!

When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation
And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart!
Then I shall bow in humble adoration
And there proclaim, my God, how great Thou art!

50 JESUS, MY LORD, MY GOD, MY ALL

Jesus, my Lord, my God, my All,
Hear me, blest Saviour, when I call;
Hear me, and from Thy dwelling place
Pour down the riches of Thy grace;

Jesus, my Lord, I Thee adore,
O make me love Thee more and more.

Jesus, too late I Thee have sought,
How can I love Thee as I ought?
And how extol Thy matchless fame,
The glorious beauty of Thy Name?

Jesus, what didst Thou find in me,
That Thou hast dealt so lovingly?
How great the joy that Thou hast brought,
So far exceeding hope or thought!

Jesus, of Thee shall be my song;
To Thee my heart and soul belong;
All that I have or am is Thine;
And Thou, blest Savior, Thou art mine.

51 JESUS IS DEARER THAN ALL

Jesus is my loving Saviour, He is so precious to me;
O, how I love and adore Him, for all His mercies so free
When I was lost on the mountains, barren and dark and cold,
He sought the sheep that was straying, He brought me back to the fold.

Jesus, Jesus, dearer than all to me,
Jesus, Jesus, Thine, only Thine I'll be;
Where Thou dost lead I will follow, Where'er the path may be;
Then when life's journey is ended, Thy face in glory I'll see.

Jesus the sweet rose of Sharon, Jesus the lily so fair;
Jesus my rock and salvation, Jesus the bright morning star;
He is my portion forever, my all in all is He!
With Him I cannot be lonely, He fully satisfies me.

Jesus was born in a manger, wept in the garden alone;
Poured out His life's blood on Calvary, died for our sin to atone;
Rose from the grave more than conq'ror, went to His home on high;
Soon He is coming in glory, coming in clouds of the sky.

52 JESUS, THOU JOY OF LOVING HEARTS

Jesus, Thou joy of loving hearts,
Thou fount of life, Thou light of men,
From the best bliss that earth imparts,
We turn unfilled to Thee again.

Thy truth unchanged hath ever stood;
Thou savest those that on Thee call;
To them that seek Thee Thou art good,
To them that find Thee, all in all.

We taste Thee, O Thou living Bread,
And long to feast upon Thee still;
We drink of Thee, the fountain head,
And thirst our souls from Thee to fill.

Our restless spirits yearn for Thee,
Where'er our changeful lot is cast;
Glad, when Thy gracious smile we see;
Blest when our faith can hold Thee fast.

O Jesus, ever with us stay,
Make all our moments calm and bright;
Chase the dark night of sin away;
Shed o'er our souls Thy holy light.

53 JESUS, THOU JOY OF LOVING HEARTS

Jesus, Thou Joy of loving hearts,
Thou Fount of life, Thou Light of men,
From the best bliss that earth imparts,
We turn unfilled to Thee again.

Thy truth unchanged hath ever stood,
Thou savest those that on Thee call;
To them that seek Thee, Thou art good,
To them that find Thee, all in all.

We taste Thee, O Thou living Bread,
And long to feast upon Thee still;
We drink of Thee, the Fountainhead,
And thirst our souls from Thee to fill.

Our restless spirits yearn for Thee,
Where'er our changeful lot is cast;
Glad when Thy gracious smile we see,
Blest when our faith can hold Thee fast.

O Jesus, ever with us stay,
Make all our moments calm and bright;
Chase the dark night of sin away,
Shed o'er the world Thy holy light.

54 HIS NAME IS WONDERFUL

His name is Wonderful, His name is Wonderful,
His name is Wonderful, Jesus my Lord;
He is the mighty King, Master of ev'rything,
His name is Wonderful, Jesus, my Lord. 

He's the great Shepherd, the Rock of all ages,
Almighty God is He;
Bow down before Him, Love and adore Him,
His name is Wonderful, Jesus, my Lord.

55 OUR GREAT SAVIOR

Jesus! what a Friend for sinners!
Jesus! Lover of my soul;
Friends may fail me, foes assail me,
He, my Savior, makes me whole.

Hallelujah! what a Savior!
Hallelujah! what a Friend!
Saving, helping, keeping, loving,
He is with me to the end.

Jesus! what a Strength in weakness!
Let me hide myself in Him;
Tempted, tried, and sometimes failing,
He, my Strength, my vict'ry wins.

Jesus! what a Help in sorrow!
While the billows o'er me roll;
Even when my heart is breaking,
He, my Comfort, helps my soul.

Jesus! what a Guide and Keeper!
While the tempest still is high;
Storms about me, night o'ertakes me,
He, my Pilot, hears my cry.

Jesus! I do now receive Him,
More than all in Him I find;
He hath granted me forgiveness,
I am His, and He is mine.

56 JESUS! THE VERY THOUGHT OF THEE

Jesus, the very thought of Thee
With sweetness fills my breast:
But sweeter far Thy face to see,
And in Thy presence rest.

O Thou the Balsam of the garden,
O Thou the sweet rose of Sharon!
Thou art the Lily of the Valley
How shall I part with Thee?

No voice can sing, no heart can frame,
Nor can the mem'ry find,
A sweeter sound than Jesus' name,
The Saviour of mankind.

O hope of ev'ry contrite heart,
O joy of all the meek,
To those who fall, how kind thou art!
How good to those who seek!

But what to those who find? Ah! this
Nor tongue nor pen can show,
The love of Jesus, what it is
None but His loved ones know.

57 JESUS! THE VERY THOUGHT OF THEE

Jesus, the very thought of Thee
With sweetness fills the breast;
But sweeter far Thy face to see
And in Thy presence rest.

Nor voice can sing, nor heart can frame,
Nor can the mem'ry find
A sweeter sound than Thy blest Name,
O Savior of mankind.

O hope of ev'ry contrite heart,
O joy of all the meek,
To those who fall, how kind Thou art!
How good to those who seek!

But what to those who find? Ah, this
Nor tongue nor pen can show -
The love of Jesus, what it is,
None but His loved ones know.

Jesus, our only joy be Thou,
As Thou our prize wilt be;
Jesus, be Thou our glory now
And thru eternity.

58 THE GREAT PHYSICIAN

The great Physician now is near -
The sympathizing Jesus;
He speaks the drooping heart to cheer -
O hear the voice of Jesus!

Sweetest note in seraph song,
Sweetest name on mortal tongue,
Sweetest carol ever sung -
Jesus, blessed Jesus!

Your many sins are all forgiv'n -
O hear the voice of Jesus;
Go on your way in peace to heav'n
And wear a crown with Jesus.

All glory to the dying Lamb -
I now believe in Jesus;
I love the blessed Savior's name,
I love the name of Jesus.

And when to that bright world above
We rise to be with Jesus,
We'll sing around the throne of love
His name, the name of Jesus.

59 SHEPHERD OF EAGER YOUTH

Shepherd of eager youth, Guiding in love and truth
Thru devious ways - Christ our triumphant King,
We come Thy name to sing, Hither Thy children bring
Tributes of praise.

Thou art our Holy Lord, The all subduing Word,
Healer of strife; Thou didst Thyself abase
That from sin's deep disgrace, Thou mightest save our race,
And give us life.

Ever be near our side, Our shepherd and our guide,
Our staff and song; Jesus, Thou Christ of God,
By Thine enduring word, Lead us where Thou hast trod,
Make our faith strong.

60 YE SERVANTS OF GOD, YOUR MASTER PROCLAIM

Ye servants of God, your Master proclaim,
And publish abroad His wonderful name;
The name all victorious of Jesus extol:
His kingdom is glorious and rules over all.

God ruleth on high, almighty to save,
And still He is nigh, His presence we have;
The great congregation His triumph shall sing,
Ascribing salvation to Jesus our King.

Let all cry aloud and honor the Son;
The praises of Jesus the angels proclaim,
Fall down on their faces and worship the Lamb.

Then let us adore and give Him His right -
All glory and pow'r, and wisdom and might;
All honor and blessing, with angels above,
And thanks never ceasing, and infinite love.

61 O FOR A THOUSAND TONGUES

O for a thousand tongues to sing
My great Redeemer's praise,
The glories of my God and King,
The triumphs of His grace.

My gracious Master and my God,
Assist me to proclaim,
To spread thru all the earth abroad
The honors of Thy name.

Jesus! the name that charms our fears,
That bids our sorrows cease;

He breaks the pow'r of canceled sin,
He sets the pris'ner free;
His blood can make the foulest clean -
His blood availed for me.

Hear Him, ye deaf; His praise, ye dumb,
Your loosened tongues employ;
Ye blind, behold your Savior come;
And leap, ye lame for joy.

Glory to God and praise and love
Be ever, ever giv'n,
By saints below and saints above -
The Church in earth and heav'n.

62 ALL GLORY TO JESUS

All glory to Jesus, begotten of God,
The great I AM is He;
Creator, sustainer - but wonder of all,
The Lamb of Calvary!

To think that the guardian of planets in space,
The Shepherd of the stars,
Is tenderly leading the church of His love
By hands with crimson scars!

The King of all kings and the Lord of all lords,
He reigns in glory now;
Some day He is coming earth's kingdom to claim,
And ev'ry knee shall bow!

And ev'ry knee shall bow!

63 JESUS, THE GLORIES OF THY FACE

Jesus the glories of Thy face
My songs of praise record:
I sing the overflowing grace
Of my beloved Lord.

Thou art the Father's chief delight:
Thy beauty angels view:
Thou art all fair in Zion's sight,
And my Beloved too.

Of Thee the ancient prophets wrote:
Of Thee let Israel sing:
Thou heav'n's vast choir, in every note,
Praise my beloved King.

Thy precious Name shall joy impart
To all that are Thine own:
In life and death, O may my heart
Be my Beloved's throne.

64 JESUS! THE SINNER'S FRIEND

Jesus! the sinner's Friend,
We hide ourselves in Thee!
God looks upon Thy sprinkled blood;
It is our only plea.

He hears Thy precious Name;
We plead Thy Name alone;
The Father must accept and bless
His well-beloved Son.

He sees Thy spotless robe;
It covers all our sin;
The golden gate have welcomes Thee,
And we may enter in.

Thou hast fulfilled the law,
And we are justified;
Ours is the blessing, Thine the curse:
We live for Thou hast died.

Jesus! the sinner's Friend,
We cannot speak Thy praise:
No mortal voice can sing the song,
That ransomed hearts would raise.

But when before the throne,
Upon the glassy sea,
Clothed in our blood-washed robes of white,
We stand complete in Thee.

65 AND CAN IT BE THAT I SHOULD GAIN?

And can it be that I should gain
An interest in the Savior's blood?
Died He for me, who caused His pain?
For me, who Him to death pursued?

Amazing love! How can it be
That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?
Amazing love! How can it be
That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?

He left His Father's throne above,
So free, so infinite His grace!
Emptied Himself of all but love,
And bled for Adam's helpless race.

No condemnation now I dread,
I am my Lord's and He is mine;
Alive in Him, my living Head,
And clothed in righteousness divine.

66 FAIREST LORD JESUS!

Fairest Lord Jesus! Ruler of all nature!
O Thou of God and man the Son!
Thee will I cherish, Thee will I honor,
Thou my soul's glory, joy and crown!

Fair are the meadows, Fairer still the woodlands,
Robed in the blooming garb of spring:
Jesus is fairer, Jesus is purer,
Who makes the woeful heart to sing.

Fair is the sunshine, Fairer still the moonlight,
And all the twinkling starry host:
Jesus shines brighter, Jesus shines purer
Than all the angels heav'n can boast.

Beautiful Savior! Lord of all the nations!
Son of God and Son of Man!
Glory and honor, Praise, adoration,
Now and forever more be Thine!

67 PRAISE THE SAVIOR

Praise the Savior, ye who know Him!
Who can tell how much we owe Him?
Gladly let us render to Him
All we are and have.

Jesus is the name that charms us,
He for conflict fits and arms us;
Nothing moves and nothing harms us
While we trust in Him.

Trust in Him, ye saints, forever -
He is faithful, changing never;
Neither force nor guile can sever
Those He loves from Him.

Keep us, Lord, O keep us cleaving
To Thyself, and still believing,
Till the hour of our receiving
Promised joys with Thee.

Then we shall be where we would be,
Then we shall be what we should be,
Things that are not now, nor could be,
Soon shall be our own.

68 MAJESTIC SWEETNESS SITS ENTHRONED

Majestic sweetness sits enthroned
Upon the Savior's brow;
His head with radiant glories crowned,
His lips with grace o'erflow,
His lips with grace o'erflow.

No mortal can with Him compare
Among the sons of men;
Fairer is He than all the fair
Who fill the heav'nly train,
Who fill the heav'nly train.

He saw me plunged in deep distress
And flew to my relief;
For me He bore the shameful cross
And carried all my grief,
And carried all my grief.

To Him I owe my life and breath
And all the joys I have;
He makes me triumph over death
And saves me from the grave,
And saves me from the grave.

69 JESUS IS THE SWEETEST NAME I KNOW

There have been names that I have loved to hear,
But never has there been a name so dear
To this heart of mine, as the name divine,
The precious, precious name of Jesus.

Jesus is the sweetest name I know,
And He's just the same as His lovely name,
And that's the reason why I love Him so;
Oh, Jesus is the sweetest name I know.

There is no name in earth or heav'n above,
That we should give such honor and such love
As the blessed name, let us all acclaim,
That wondrous, glorious name of Jesus.

And some day I shall see Him face to face
To thank and praise Him for His wondrous grace,
Which He gave to me, when He made me free,
The blessed Son of God called Jesus.

70 JESUS, I AM RESTING

Jesus, I am resting, resting, In the joy of what Thou art;
I am finding out the greatness, Of Thy loving heart.
Thou hast bid me gaze upon Thee, And Thy beauty fills my soul,
For by Thy transforming power, Thou hast made me whole.

Jesus, I am resting, resting, In the joy of what Thou art;
I am finding out the greatness, Of Thy loving heart.

Simply trusting Thee, Lord Jesus, I behold Thee as Thou art,
And Thy love, so pure, so changeless, Satisfies my heart -
Satisfies its deepest longings, Meets, supplies its ev'ry need,
Compasseth me round with blessings: Thine is love indeed!

Ever lift Thy face upon me, As I work and wait for Thee;
Resting 'neath Thy smile, Lord Jesus, Earth's dark shadows flee.
Brightness of my Father's glory, Sunshine of my Father's face,
Keep me ever trusting, resting, Fill me with Thy grace.

71 THE NAME OF JESUS

The name of Jesus is so sweet,
I love its music to repeat;
It makes my joys full and complete,
The precious name of Jesus!

Its worthy praise forever!

I love the name of Him whose heart
Knows all my griefs and bears a part;
Who bids all anxious fears depart -
I love the name of Jesus!

That name I fondly love to hear,
It never fails my heart to cheer;
Its music dries the falling tear -
Exalt the name of Jesus!

No word of man can ever tell
How sweet the name I love so well;
O let its praises ever swell,
O praise the name of Jesus!

72 TAKE THE NAME OF JESUS WITH YOU

Take the name of Jesus with you,
Child of sorrow and of woe;
It will joy and comfort give you -
Take it, then, where'er you go.

Precious name, O how sweet!
Hope of earth and joy of heav'n;
Precious name, O how sweet!
Hope of earth and joy of heav'n.

Take the name of Jesus ever,
As a shield from ev'ry snare;
If temptations round you gather,
Breathe that holy name in prayer.

O the precious name of Jesus!
How it thrills our souls with joy,
When His loving arms receive us,
And His songs our tongues employ!

At the name of Jesus bowing,
Falling prostrate at His feet,
King of kings in heav'n we'll crown Him,
When our journey is complete.

73 ALL HAIL THE POWER

All hail the pow'r of Jesus' name! Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all;
Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all!

Ye chosen seed of Israel's race, ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him Who saves you by His grace, And crown Him Lord of all;
Hail Him Who saves you by His grace, And crown Him Lord of all.

Let ev'ry kindred, every tribe, On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe, And crown Him Lord of all;
To Him all majesty ascribe, And crown Him Lord of all.

O that with yonder sacred throng, We at His feet may fall!
We'll join the everlasting song, And crown Him Lord of all;
We'll join the everlasting song, And crown Him Lord of all;

74 FOR THE BEAUTY OF THE EARTH

For the beauty of the earth,
For the glory of the skies,
For the love which from our birth
Over and around us lies:

Christ of God, to Thee we raise,
This our hymn of grateful praise.

For the wonder of each hour
Of the day and of the night,
Hill and vale, and tree and flow'r,
Sun and moon, and stars of light:

For the joy of human love,
Brother, sister, parent, child,
Friends on earth and friends above,
For all gentle thoughts and mild:

For Thy Church that evermore
Lifteth holy hands above,
Off'ring up on ev'ry shore
Her pure sacrifice of love:

75 COME, CHRISTIANS, JOIN TO SING

Come, Christians, join to sing - Alleluia! Amen!
Loud praise to Christ our King - Alleluia! Amen!
Let all, with heart and voice, Before His throne rejoice;
Praise is His gracious choice: Alleluia! Amen!

Come, lift your hearts on high - Alleluia! Amen!
Let praises fill the sky - Alleluia! Amen!
He is our Guide and Friend, To us He'll condescend;
His love shall never end: Alleluia! Amen!

Praise yet our Christ again - Alleluia! Amen!
Life shall not end the strain - Alleluia! Amen!
On heaven's blissful shore, His goodness we'll adore,
Singing forevermore, "Alleluia! Amen!"

76 DAY IS DYING IN THE WEST

Day is dying in the west,
Heav'n is touching earth with rest;
Wait and worship while the night
Sets the evening lamps alight
Thru all the sky.

Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of Hosts!
Heav'n and earth are full of Thee!
Heav'n and earth are praising Thee,
O Lord most high!

Lord of life, beneath the dome
Of the universe, Thy home,
Gather us who seek Thy face
To the fold of Thy embrace,
For Thou art nigh.

While the deep'ning shadows fall,
Heart of love enfolding all,
Thru the glory and the grace
Of the stars that veil Thy face,
Our hearts ascend.

When forever from our sight
Pass the stars, the day, the night,
Lord of angels, on our eyes
Let eternal morning rise,
And shadows end.

77 SAVIOR, AGAIN TO THY DEAR NAME

Savior, again to Thy dear Name we raise
With one accord our parting hymn of praise;
Once more we bless Thee ere our worship cease,
Then, lowly kneeling, wait Thy word of peace.

Grant us Thy peace upon our homeward way:
With Thee began, with Thee shall end the day;
Guard Thou the lips from sin, the hearts from shame,
That in this house have called upon Thy Name.

Grant us Thy peace, Lord, thru the coming night,
Turn Thou for us its darkness into light;
From harm and danger, keep Thy children free,
For dark and light are both alike to Thee.

Grant us Thy peace thru-out our earthly life,
Our balm in sorrow and our stay in strife;
Then, when Thy voice shall bid our conflict cease,
Call us, O Lord, to Thine eternal pace.

78 AT EVEN, WHEN THE SUN WAS SET

At even, when the sun was set,
The sick, O Lord, around thee lay;
O in what divers pains they met!
O with what joy they went away!

Once more 'tis eventide, and we,
Oppressed with various ills, draw near:
What if thy form we cannot see;
We know and feel that thou art near.

O Saviour Christ, our woes dispel:
For some are sick, and some are sad,
And some have never loved thee well,
And some have lost the love they had.

And none, O Lord, have perfect rest,
For none are wholly free from sin;
And they who fain would serve thee best
Are conscious most of wrong within.

O Saviour Christ, thou too art man,
Thou has been troubled, tempted, tried;
Thy kind but searching glance can scan
The very wounds that shame would hide.

Thy touch has still its ancient pow'r;
No word from thee can fruitless fall:
Hear in this solemn evening hour,
And in Thy mercy heal us all.

Amen.

79 GOD BE WITH YOU

God be with you till we meet again,
By His counsels guide, uphold you -
With His sheep securely fold you;
God be with you till we meet again.

Till we meet, till we meet,
Till we meet at Jesus' feet;
Till we meet, till we meet -
God be with you till we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again,
Daily manna still provide you -
God be with you till we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again,
When life's perils thick confound you,
Put His arms unfailing round you -
God be with you till we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again,
Keep love's banner floating o'er you,
Strike death's threat'ning wave before you -
God be with you till we meet again.

80 THE DAY THOU GAVEST, LORD

The day Thou gavest, Lord, is ended,
The darkness falls at Thy behest;
To Thee our morning hymns ascended,
Thy praise shall hallow our rest.

We thank Thee that thy church, unsleeping
While earth rolls onward into light,
Through all the world her watch is keeping,
And rests not now by day or night.

As o'er each continent and island
The dawn leads on another day,
The voice of prayer is never silent,
Nor dies the strain of praise away.

The sun, that bids us rest, is waking
Our brethren 'neath the western sky,
And hour by hour fresh lips are making
Thy wondrous doings heard on high.

So be it, Lord; Thy throne shall never,
Like earth's proud empires, pass away:
But stand, and rule, and grow forever,
Till all thy creatures own Thy sway.

Amen.

81 LORD OF THE SABBATH

Lord of the Sabbath, hear us pray,
In this thy house, on this thy day;
And own, as grateful sacrifice,
The songs which from thy temple rise.

Now met to pray and bless thy Name,
Whose mercies flow each day the same;
Whose kind compassions never cease,
We seek instruction, pardon, peace.

Thine earthly Sabbaths, Lord, we love,
But there's a nobler rest above;
To that our lab'ring souls aspire
With ardent hope and strong desire.

In thy blest kingdom we shall be
From ev'ry mortal trouble free;
No sighs shall mingle with the songs
Resounding from immortal tongues.

Amen.

82 THIS DAY AT THY CREATING WORD

This day at Thy creating word
First o'er the earth the light was poured:
O Lord, this day upon us shine
And fill our souls with light divine.

This day the Lord for sinners slain
In might victorious rose again:
O Jesus, may we raised be
From death of sin to life in thee!

This day the Holy Spirit came
With fiery tongues of cloven flame:
O Spirit, fill our hearts this day
With grace to hear and grace to pray.

O day of light and life and grace,
From earthly toil sweet resting place,
Thy hallowed hours, blest gift of love,
Give we again to God above.

All praise to God the Father be,
All praise, eternal Son, to thee,
Whom, with the Spirit, we adore
Forever and forevermore.

Amen.

83 THIS IS THE DAY THE LORD HATH MADE

This is the day the Lord hath made;
He calls the hours his own;
Let heav'n rejoice, let earth be glad,
And praise surround the throne.

Today He rose and left the dead,
And Satan's empire fell;
Today the saints His triumphs spread,
And all his wonders tell.

Hosanna to th'anointed King,
To David's holy Son!
Help us, O Lord; descend and bring
Salvation from the throne.

Blest be the Lord, who comes to men
With messages of grace;
Who comes in God His Father's Name
To save our sinful race.

Hosanna in the highest strains
The church on earth can raise!
The highest heav'ns, in which He reigns,
Shall give Him nobler praise.

Amen.

84 THIS IS THE DAY OF LIGHT

This is the day of light:
Let there be light today;
O Dayspring, rise upon our night,
And chase its gloom away.

This is the day of rest:
Our failing strength renew;
On weary brain and troubled breast
Shed thou thy fresh'ning dew.

This is the day of peace:
Thy peace our spirits fill;
Bid thou the blasts of discord cease,
The waves of strife be still.

This is the day of prayer:
Let earth to heav'n draw near;
Lift up our hearts to seek thee there;
Come down to meet us here.

This is the first of days:
Send forth Thy quick'ning breath,
And wake dead souls to love and praise,
O Vanquisher of death!

Amen.

85 O DAY OF REST AND GLADNESS

O day of rest and gladness, O day of joy and light,
O balm of care and sadness, Most beautiful, most bright:
On Thee, the high and lowly, Thru ages joined in tune,
Sing "Holy, Holy, Holy," To the great God Triune.

On thee, at the creation, The light first had its birth;
On thee, for our salvation, Christ rose from depths of earth;
On thee, our Lord, victorious, the Spirit sent from heav'n,
And thus on thee, most glorious, A triple light was giv'n.

Today on weary nations, The heav'nly manna falls;
To holy convocations, The silver trumpet calls,
Where Gospel light is glowing, With pure and radiant beams,
And living water flowing, With soul refreshing streams.

New graces ever gaining, From this our day of rest,
We reach the rest remaining, To spirits of the blest.
To Holy Ghost be praises, to Father, and to Son;
The Church her voice upraises, To Thee, blest Three in One.

86 SAFELY THROUGH ANOTHER WEEK

Safely through another week, God has brought us on our way;
Let us now a blessing seek, Waiting in His courts today:
Day of all the week the best, Emblem of eternal rest,
Day of all the week the best, Emblem of eternal rest.

While we pray for pard'ning grace, Thru the dear Redeemer's name,
Show Thy reconciled face, Take away our sin and shame;
From our worldly cares set free, May we rest this day in Thee,
From our worldly cares set free, may we rest this day in Thee.

Here we come Thy name to praise - Let us feel Thy presence near;
May Thy glory meet our eyes, While we in Thy house appear:
Here afford us, Lord, a taste, Of our everlasting feast,
Here afford us, Lord, a taste, Of our everlasting feast.

May Thy gospela's joyful sound, Conquer sinners, comfort saints;
May the fruits of grace abound, Bring relief for all complaints:
Thus may all our Sabbaths prove, Till we join the Church above,
Thus may all our Sabbaths prove, Till we join the Church above!

87 I KNOW WHOM I HAVE BELIEVED

I know not why God's wondrous grace
To me He hath made known,
Nor why, unworthy, Christ in love
Redeemed me for His own.

But "I know whom I have believed,
And am persuaded that He is able
To keep that which I've committed
Unto Him against that day."

I know not how this saving faith
To me He did impart,
Nor how believing in His Word
Wrought peace within my heart.

I know not how the Spirit moves,
Convincing men of sin,
Revealing Jesus thru the Word,
Creating faith in Him.

I know not what of good or ill
May be reserved for me,
Of weary ways or golden days,
Before His face I see.

I know not when my Lord may come -
At night or noonday fair,
Nor if I'll walk the vale with Him,
Or meet Him in the air.

88 PRAISE HIM! PRAISE HIM!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Sing, O earth - His wonderful love proclaim!
Hail Him! hail Him! highest archangels in glory;
Strength and honor give to His holy name!
Like a shepherd, Jesus will guard His children -
In His arms He carries them all day long:

Praise Him! Praise Him!aTell of His excellent greatness!
Praise Him! Praise Him!aEver in joyful song!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
For our sins He suffered and bled and died;
He our Rock, our hope of eternal salvation,
Hail Him! hail Him! Jesus the Crucified.
Sound His praises - Jesus who bore our sorrows -
Love unbounded, wonderful, deep and strong:

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Heav'nly portals loud with hosannas ring!
Jesus, Savior, reigneth forever and ever.
Crown Him! crown Him! Prophet and Priest and King!
Christ is coming, over the world victorious -
Pow'r and glory unto the Lord belong:

89 THERE IS NO NAME SO SWEET ON EARTH

There is no name so sweet on earth,
No name so sweet in heaven -
The name, before His wondrous birth,
To Christ the Savior given.

We love to sing of Christ our King,
And hail Him, blessed Jesus!
For there's no word ear ever heard
So dear, so sweet as "Jesus!"

To His most blessed mother,
That name which now and evermore
We praise above all other.

And when He hung upon the tree
They wrote His name above Him,
That all might see the reason we
Forevermore must love Him.

So now, upon His Father's throne,
Almighty to release us
From sin and pain, He ever reigns -
The Prince and Savior, Jesus.

O Jesus! by that matchless name
Thy grace shall fail us never;
Today as yesterday the same,
Thou art the same forever!

To Jesus ev'ry knee shall bow
And ev'ry tongue confess Him,
And we unite with saints in light,
Our only Lord, to bless Him.

90 LOVE LIFTED ME

I was sinking deep in sin, Far from the peaceful shore,
Very deeply stained within, Sinking to rise no more;
But the Master of the sea, Heard my despairing cry,
From the waters lifted me - now safe am I.

Love lifted me, Love lifted me,
When nothing else could help, Love lifted me;
Love lifted me, Love lifted me,
When nothing else could help, Love lifted me.

All my heart to Him I give, Ever to Him I'll cling,
In His blessed presence live, Ever His praises sing.
Love so mighty and so true, Merits my soul's best songs,
Faithful, loving service too, To Him belongs.

Souls in danger, look above, Jesus completely saves;
He will lift you by His love, Out of the angry waves.
He's the Master of the sea, Billows His will obey;
He your Savior wants to be - Be saved today.

91 THE LILY OF THE VALLEY

I have found a friend in Jesus - He's ev'rything to me,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul;
The Lily of the Valley - in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole.
In sorrow He's my comfort, in trouble He's my stay,
He tells me ev'ry care on Him to roll;

He's the Lily of the Valley, the Bright and Morning Star,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

He all my griefs has taken, and all my sorrows borne,
In temptation He's my strong and mighty tow'r;
I have all for Him forsaken, and all my idols torn
From my heart and now He keeps me by His pow'r.
Tho all the world forsake me, and Satan tempt me sore,
Thru Jesus I shall safely reach the goal;

He will never, never leave me, nor yet forsake me here,
While I live by faith and do His blessed will;
A wall of fire about me, I've nothing now to fear -
With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill.
Then sweeping up to glory, I'll see His blessed face,
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll;

92 HE RANSOMED ME

There's a sweet and blessed story
Of the Christ Who came from glory
Just to rescue me from sin and misery;
He in lovingkindness sought me
And from sin and shame has brought me -
Hallelujah! Jesus ransomed me.

Hallelujah! what a Savior
Who can take a poor lost sinner,
Lift him from the miry clay and set him free!
I will ever tell the story,
Shouting, "Glory, glory, glory!"
Hallelujah! Jesus ransomed me.

From the depth of sin and sadness
To the heights of joy and gladness
Jesus lifted me in mercy full and free;
With His precious blood He bought me,
When I knew Him not, He sought me,
And in love divine He ransomed me.

By and by with joy increasing
And with gratitude unceasing,
Lifted up to be with Christ eternally,
I will join the hosts there singing,
In the anthem ever ringing,
To the King of Love who ransomed me.

93 TO GOD BE THE GLORY

To God be the glory - great things He hath done!
So loved He the world that He gave us His Son,
Who yielded His life an atonement for sin
And opened the Life-gate that all may go in.

Praise the Lord, Praise the Lord, Let the earth hear His voice!
Praise the Lord, Praise the Lord, Let the people rejoice!
O come to the Father, through Jesus the Son,
And give Him the glory - great things He has done.

O perfect redemption, the purchase of blood!
To ev'ry believer the promise of God;
The vilest offender who truly believes,
That moment from Jesus a pardon receives.

Great things He hath taught us, great things He has done,
And great our rejoicing thru Jesus the Son;
But purer and higher and greater will be
Our wonder, our transport, when Jesus we see.

94 WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL JESUS!

There is never a day so dreary,
There is never a night so long,
But the soul that is trusting in Jesus
Will somewhere find a song.

Wonderful, wonderful Jesus!
In the heart He implanteth a song;
A song of deliv'rance, of courage, of strength -
In the heart He implanteth a song.

There is never a cross so heavy,
There is never a weight of woe,
But that Jesus will help to carry
Because He loveth so.

There is never a care or burden,
There is never a grief or loss,
But that Jesus in love will lighten
When carried to the cross.

There is never a guilty sinner,
There is never a wand'ring one,
But that God can in mercy pardon
Thru Jesus Christ, His Son.

95 MY SAVIOR'S LOVE

I stand amazed in the presence
Of Jesus the Nazarene,
And wonder how He could love me,
A sinner condemned, unclean.

How marvelous! how wonderful!
And my song shall ever be:
How marvelous! how wonderful!
Is my Savior's love for me!

For me it was in the garden
He prayed, "Not My will, but Thine;"
He had no tears for His own griefs
But sweat drops of blood for mine.

In pity angels beheld Him,
And came from the world of light
To comfort Him in the sorrows
He bore for my soul that night.

He took my sins and my sorrows,
He made them His very own;
He bore the burden to Calv'ry,
And suffered and died alone.

When with the ransomed in glory
His face I at last shall see,
To sing of His love for me.

96 HE KEEPS ME SINGING

There's within my heart a melody -
Jesus whispers sweet and low,
In all of life's ebb and flow.

Jesus, Jesus, Jesus -
Sweetest name I know,
Fills my ev'ry longing,
Keeps me singing as I go.

All my life was wrecked by sin and strife,
Discord filled my heart with pain;
Jesus swept across the broken strings,
Stirred the slumb'ring chords again.

Feasting on the riches of His grace,
Resting 'neath His shelt'ring wing,
Always looking on His smiling face -
That is why I shout and sing.

Tho sometimes He leads thru waters deep,
Trials fall across the way,
Tho sometimes the path seems rough and steep,
See His footprints all the way.

Soon He's coming back to welcome me
Far beyond the starry sky;
I shall wing my flight to worlds unknown,
I shall reign with Him on high.

97 WHAT A WONDERFUL SAVIOR!

Christ has for sin atonement made -
What a wonderful Savior!
We are redeemed, the price is paid -
What a wonderful Savior!

What a wonderful Savior is Jesus, my Jesus!
What a wonderful Savior is Jesus, my Lord!

I praise Him for the cleansing blood -
What a wonderful Savior!
That reconciled my soul to God -
What a wonderful Savior!

He cleansed my heart from all its sin -
What a wonderful Savior!
And now He reigns and rules therein -
What a wonderful Savior!

He gives me overcoming pow'r -
What a wonderful Savior!
And triumph in each trying hour -
What a wonderful Savior!

To Him I've given all my heart -
What a wonderful Savior!
The world shall never share a part -
What a wonderful Savior!

98 IN MY HEART THERE RINGS A MELODY

I have a song that Jesus gave me,
It was sent from heaven above;
There never was a sweeter melody,
Tis a melody of love.

In my heart there rings a melody,
There rings a melody with heaven's harmony;
In my heart there rings a melody;
There rings a melody of love! 

I love the Christ who died on Calv'ry,
For He washed my sins away;
He put within my heart a melody,
And I know it's there to stay.

With the angels I will sing;
When the courts of heaven ring.

99 HE IS SO PRECIOUS TO ME

So precious is Jesus, my Savior, my King,
His praise all the day long with rapture I sing;
To Him in my weakness for strength I can cling,
For He is so precious to me.

For He is so precious to me,
For He is so precious to me;
For He is so precious to me.

He stood at my heart's door 'mid sunshine and rain,
And patiently waited an entrance to gain;
What shame that so long He entreated in vain,
For He is so precious to me.

I stand on the mountain of blessing at last,
No cloud in the heavens a shadow to cast;
His smile is upon me, the valley is past,
For He is so precious to me.

I praise Him because He appointed a place
Where some day, thru faith in His wonderful grace,
I know I shall see Him - shall look on His face,
For He is so precious to me.

100 HE LIFTED ME

In lovingkindness Jesus came
My soul in mercy to reclaim,
And from the depths of sin and shame
Thru grace He lifted me.

From sinking sand He lifted me,
With tender hand He lifted me;
From shades of night to plains of light,
O praise His name, He lifted me!

He called me long before I heard,
Before my sinful heart was stirred,
But when I took Him at His word,
Forgiv'n He lifted me.

His brow was pierced with many a thorn,
His hands by cruel nails were torn,
When from my guilt and grief, forlorn,
In love He lifted me.

Now on a higher plane I dwell,
And with my soul I know 'tis well;
Yet how or why, I cannot tell,
He should have lifted me.

101 LEANING ON THE EVERLASTING ARMS

What a fellowship, what a joy divine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms;
What a blessedness, what a peace is mine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

Leaning, leaning,
Safe and secure from all alarms;
Leaning, leaning,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

O how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way,
Leaning on the everlasting arms;
O how bright the path grows from day to day,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

What have I to dread, what have I to fear,
Leaning on the everlasting arms?
I have blessed peace with my Lord so near,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

102 O IT IS WONDERFUL

I stand all amazed at the love Jesus offers me,
Confused at the grace that so fully He proffers me;
I tremble to know that for me He was crucified -
That for me, a sinner, He suffered, He bled, and died.

Oh, it is wonderful - That He should care for me
Enough to die for me!
Oh, it is wonderful - wonderful to me!

I marvel that He would descend from His throne divine
To rescue a soul so rebellious and proud as mine;
That He should extend His great love unto such as I -
Sufficient to own, to redeem, and to justify.

I think of His hands pierced and bleeding to pay the debt!
Such mercy, such love and devotion can I forget?
No, no! I will praise and adore at the mercy seat,
Until at the glorified throne I kneel at His feet.

103 SUNSHINE IN MY SOUL

There is sunshine in my soul today,
More glorious and bright
Than glows in any earthly sky,
For Jesus is my light.

O there's sunshine, blessed sunshine,
When the peaceful, happy moments roll;
When Jesus shows His smiling face,
There is sunshine in the soul.

There is music in my soul today,
A carol to my King,
And Jesus, listening, can hear
The songs I cannot sing.

There is springtime in my soul today,
For when the Lord is near
The dove of peace sings in my heart,
The flow'rs of grace appear.

There is gladness in my soul today,
And hope and praise and love,
For blessings which He gives me now,
For joys "laid up" above.

104 ALL THAT THRILLS MY SOUL

Who can cheer the heart like Jesus,
By His presence all divine?
True and tender, pure and precious,
O how blest to call Him mine!

All that thrills my soul is Jesus,
He is more than life to me;
And the fairest of ten thousand
In my blessed Lord I see.

Love of Christ so freely given,
Grace of God beyond degree,
Mercy higher than the heaven,
Deeper than the deepest sea!

What a wonderful redemption!
Never can a mortal know
How my sin, tho red like crimson,
Can be whiter than the snow.

Ev'ry need His hand supplying,
Ev'ry good in Him I see;
On His strength divine relying,
He is all in all to me.

By the crystal flowing river
With the ransomed I will sing,
And forever and forever
Praise and glorify the King.

105 I WILL PRAISE HIM!

When I saw the cleansing fountain,
Open wide for all my sin,
I obeyed the Spirit's wooing,
When He said, "Wilt thou be clean?"

I will praise Him! I will praise Him!
Praise the Lamb for sinners slain;
Give Him glory, all ye people,
For His blood can wash away each stain.

Tho the way seems straight and narrow,
All I claimed was swept away;
My ambitions, plans and wishes
At my feet in ashes lay.

Then God's fire upon the altar
Of my heart was set aflame;
I shall never cease to praise Him -
Glory, glory to His name!

Blessed be the name of Jesus!
I'm so glad He took me in;
He's forgiven my transgressions,
He has cleansed my heart from sin.

Glory, glory to the Father!
Glory, glory to the Son!
Glory, glory to the Spirit!
Glory to the Three in One!

106 CHRIST LIVETH IN ME

Once far from God and dead in sin,
No light my heart could see,
But in God's Word the light I found -
Now Christ liveth in me.

Christ liveth in me,
Christ liveth in me;
O what a salvation this -
That Christ liveth in me.

As rays of light from yonder sun
The flow'rs of earth set free,
So life and light and love came forth
From Christ living in me.

As lives the flow'r within the seed,
As in the cone the tree,
So, praise the God of truth and grace,
His Spirit dwelleth in me.

With longing all my heart is filled,
That like Him I may be,
As on the wondrous thought I dwell
That Christ liveth in me.

107 I WILL SING THE WONDROUS STORY

I will sing the wondrous story
Of the Christ Who died for me -
How He left His home in glory
For the cross of Calvary.

Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story
Of the Christ Who died for me,
Sing it with the saints in glory,
Gathered by the crystal sea.

I was lost, but Jesus found me -
Found the sheep that went astray,
Threw His loving arms around me,
Drew me back into His way.

I was bruised, but Jesus healed me -
Faint was I from many a fall;
Sight was gone, and fears possessed me,
But He freed me from them all.

Days of darkness still come o'er me,
Sorrow's path I often tread;
But the Savior still is with me -
By His hand I'm safely led.

He will keep me till the river
Rolls its waters at my feet;
Then He'll bear me safely over,
Where the loved ones I shall meet.

108 I'VE FOUND A FRIEND

I've found a Friend, O such a Friend! He loved me ere I knew Him;
He drew me with the cords of love, And thus He bound me to Him.
And round my heart still closely twine, Those ties which naught can sever,
For I am His, and He is mine, Forever and forever.

I've found a Friend, O such a Friend! He bled, He died to save me;
And not alone the gift of life, But His own Self He gave me.
Naught that I have mine own I call, I'll hold it for the Giver:
My heart, my strength, my life, my all, Are His, and His forever.

I've found a Friend, O such a Friend! All pow'r to Him is given,
To guard me on my onward course, And bring me safe to heaven.
Th'eternal glories gleam afar, To nerve my faint endeavor:
So now to watch, to work, to war, And then to rest forever.

I've found a Friend, O such a Friend! So kind and true and tender,
So wise a Counsellor and Guide, So mighty a Defender!
From Him who loves me now so well, What pow'r my soul can sever?
Shall life or death, shall earth or hell? No - I am His forever.

109 JESUS IS ALL THE WORLD TO ME

Jesus is all the world to me, My life, my joy, my all;
He is my strength from day to day, Without Him I would fall.
When I am sad, to Him I go, No other one can cheer me so;
When I am sad, He makes me glad - He's my Friend.

Jesus is all the world to me, My Friend in trials sore;
I go to Him for blessings, and He gives them o'er and o'er.
He sends the sunshine and the rain, He sends the harvest's golden grain;
Sunshine and rain, harvest of grain - He's my Friend.

Jesus is all the world to me, And true to Him I'll be;
O how could I this Friend deny, When He's so true to me?
Following Him I know I'm right, He watches o'er me day and night;
Following Him by day and night - He's my Friend.

Jesus is all the world to me, I want no better friend;
I trust Him now, I'll trust Him when Life's fleeting days shall end.
Beautiful life with such a Friend, Beautiful life that has no end;
Eternal life, eternal joy - He's my Friend.

110 HEAVEN CAME DOWN AND GLORY FILLED MY SOUL

O what a wonderful, wonderful day -
Day I will never forget;
After I'd wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my Savior I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend -
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart.

Heaven came down and glory filled my soul,
When at the cross the Savior made me whole;
My sins were washed away, And my night was turned to day -
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul!

Born of the Spirit with life from above,
Into God's fam'ly divine,
Justified fully thru Calvary's love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made,
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer, of grace He did proffer -
He saved me, O praise His dear name!

Now I've a hope that will surely endure,
After the passing of time;
I have a future in heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it's because of that wonderful day,
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal,
From His precious hand I received.

111 ONLY A SINNER

Naught have I gotten but what I received;
Grace hath bestowed it since I have believed;
Boasting excluded, pride I abase -
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

Only a sinner saved by grace!
Only a sinner saved by grace!
This is my story, To God be the glory -
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

Once I was foolish, and sin ruled my heart,
Causing my footsteps from God to depart;
Jesus hath found me, happy my case -
I now am a sinner saved by grace!

Tears unavailing, no merit had I,
Mercy had saved me or else I must die;
Sin had alarmed me, fearing God's face -
But now I'm a sinner saved by grace!

Suffer a sinner whose heart overflows,
Loving his Savior to tell what he knows;
Once more to tell it would I embrace -
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

112 REDEEMED

Redeemed - how I love to proclaim it!
Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb;
Redeemed thru His infinite mercy -
His child, and forever, I am.

Redeemed, redeemed,
Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb;
Redeemed, redeemed,
His child, and forever, I am.

Redeemed and so happy in Jesus,
No language my rapture can tell;
I know that the light of His presence
With me doth continually dwell.

I think of my blessed Redeemer,
I think of Him all the day long;
I sing, for I cannot be silent,
His love is the theme of my song.

I know I shall see in His beauty
The King in whose law I delight;
Who lovingly guardeth my footsteps
And giveth me songs in the night.

113 IT IS GLORY JUST TO WALK WITH HIM

It is glory just to walk with Him Whose blood has ransomed me;
It is rapture for my soul each day;
It is joy divine to feel Him near where'er my path may be -
Bless the Lord, it's glory all the way!

It is glory just to walk with Him,
It is glory just to walk with Him;
He will guide my steps aright
Thru the vale and o'er the height -
It is glory just to walk with Him.

It is glory when the shadows fall to know that He is near.
O what joy to simply trust and pray!
It is glory to abide in Him when skies above are clear -
Yes, with Him, it's glory all the way!

Never from His side again to stray;
Everlasting glory all the way!

114 AT CALVARY

Years I spent in vanity and pride,
Caring not my Lord was crucified,
Knowing not it was for me He died
On Calvary.

Mercy there was great, and grace was free,
Pardon there was multiplied to me,
There my burdened soul found liberty -
At Calvary.

By God's Word at last my sin I learned -
Then I trembled at the law I'd spurned,
Till my guilty soul imploring turned
To Calvary.

Now I've giv'n to Jesus everything,
Now I gladly own Him as my King,
Now my raptured soul can only sing
Of Calvary.

O the love that drew salvation's plan!
O the grace that brought it down to man!
O the mighty gulf that God did span
At Calvary!

115 CONSTANTLY ABIDING

There's a peace in my heart that the world never gave,
A peace it cannot take away;
Tho the trials of life may surround like a cloud,
I've a peace that has come here to stay!

Constantly abiding - Jesus is mine;
Constantly abiding - Rapture divine;
He never leaves me lonely - Whispers, O so kind,

All the world seemed to sing of a Savior and King,
When peace sweetly came to my heart;
Troubles all fled away and my night turned to day -
Blessed Jesus, how glorious Thou art!

This treasure I have in a temple of clay
While here on His footstool I roam;
But He's coming to take me, some glorious day,
Over there to my heavenly home!

116 HIGHER GROUND

I'm pressing on the upward way,
New tests I'm facing every day;
Still praying as I onward bound,

Lord, lift me up and let me stand
On Christ the Rock and not on sand;
A higher plane than I have found,
Lord, plant my feet on higher ground.

I want to live above the world,
Though Satan's darts at me are hurled;
For faith has caught the joyful sound,
The song of saints on higher ground.

I want to scale the utmost height
And catch a gleam of glory bright;
But still I'll pray till heaven I've found,

117 IN TENDERNESS HE SOUGHT ME

In tenderness He sought me,
Weary and sick with sin,
And on His shoulders brought me
Back to His fold again;
While angels in His presence sang
Until the courts of heaven rang.

O the love that sought me!
O the blood that bought me!
O the grace that brought me to the fold,
Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!

He washed the bleeding sin-wounds,
And poured in oil and wine;
He whispered to assure me,
I never heard a sweeter voice -
It made my aching heart rejoice!

He pointed to the nail prints -
For me His blood was shed,
A mocking crown, so thorny
Was placed upon His head:
I wondered what He saw in me,
To suffer such deep agony.

I'm sitting in His presence,
The sunshine of His face,
While with adoring wonder
His blessings I retrace:
It seems as if eternal days
Are far too short to sound His praise.

So while the hours are passing,
All now is perfect rest;
I'm waiting for the morning,
The brightest and the best,
When He will call us to His side,
To be with Him, His spotless bride.

118 O HOW I LOVE JESUS

There is name I love to hear,
I love to sing its worth;
It sounds like music in my ear,
The sweetest Name on earth.

O how I love Jesus,
O how I love Jesus,
O how I love Jesus -
Because He first loved me!

It tells me of a Savior's love,
Who died to set me free;
It tells me of His precious blood,
The sinner's perfect plea.

It tells me what my Father hath
In store for ev'ry day,
And tho I tread a darksome path,
Yields sunshine all the way.

It tells of One whose loving heart
Can feel my deepest woe,
Who in each sorrow bears a part
That none can bear below.

119 SWEETER AS THE YEARS GO BY

Of Jesus love that sought me, When I was lost in sin -
Of wondrous grace that brought me, Back to His fold again -
Of heights and depths of mercy, Far deeper than the sea
And higher than the heavens, mMy theme shall ever be.

Sweeter as the years go by,
Sweeter as the years go by;
Richer, fuller, deeper, Jesus' love is sweeter,
Sweeter as the years go by.

He trod in old Judea, Life's pathway long ago -
The people thronged about Him, His saving grace to know;
He healed the broken-hearted, And caused the blind to see;
And still His great heart yearneth, In love for even me.

To bear without a murmur, The anguish of the cross;
With saints redeemed in glory, Let us our voices raise,
Till heav'n and earth re-echo, With our Redeemer's praise.

120 NOW I BELONG TO JESUS

Jesus my Lord will love my forever,
From Him no pow'r of evil can sever;
He gave His life to ransom my soul -
Now I belong to Him!

Now I belong to Jesus,
Jesus belongs to me -
Not for the years of time alone,
But for eternity.

Once I was lost in sin's degradation,
Jesus came down to bring me salvation,
Lifted me up from sorrow and shame -
Now I belong to Him!

Joy floods my soul, for Jesus has saved me,
Freed me from sin that long had enslaved me;
His precious blood He gave to redeem -
Now I belong to Him!

121 MY REDEEMER

I will sing of my Redeemer
And His wondrous love to me;
On the cruel cross He suffered,
From the curse to set me free.

Sing, O sing, of my Redeemer,
With His blood, He purchased me;
On the cross, He sealed my pardon,
Paid the debt, and made me free.

I will tell the wondrous story,
How, my lost estate to save,
In His boundless love and mercy,
He the ransom freely gave.

I will praise my dear Redeemer,
His triumphant power I'll tell,
How the victory He giveth
Over sin and death and hell.

I will sing of my Redeemer
And His heav'nly love to me;
He from death to life hath brought me,
Son of God with Him to be.

122 GLORY TO HIS NAME

Down at the cross where my Savior died,
Down where for cleansing from sin I cried,
There to my heart was the blood applied -
Glory to His name.

Glory to His name,
Glory to His name;
There to my heart was the blood applied -
Glory to His name.

I am so wondrously saved from sin,
Jesus so sweetly abides within;
There at the cross where He took me in -
Glory to His name.

O precious fountain that saves from sin,
I am so glad I have entered in;
There Jesus saves me and keeps me clean -
Glory to His name.

Come to this fountain so rich and sweet,
Cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet;
Plunge in today, and be made complete -
Glory to His name.

123 JESUS LOVES EVEN ME

I am so glad that our Father in heav'n
Tells of His love in the Book He has giv'n;
Wonderful things in the Bible I see -
This is the dearest, that Jesus loves me.

I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me;
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves even me.

Tho I forget Him, and wander away,
Still He doth love me wherever I stray;
Back to His dear loving arms I do flee,
When I remember that Jesus loves me.

O if there's only one song I can sing,
When in His beauty I see the great King,
This shall my song in eternity be:

124 JESUS, STILL LEAD ON

Jesus, still lead on,
Till our rest be won,
And, although the way be cheerless,
We will follow calm and fearless;
Guide us by Thy hand
To our fatherland.

If the way be drear,
If the foe be near,
Let no faithless fears o'ertake us,
Let not faith and hope forsake us,
For, through many a foe,
To our home we go.

When we seek relief
From a long-felt grief,
When oppressed by new temptations,
Lord, increase and perfect patience;
Show us that bright shore
Where we weep no more.

Jesus, still lead on,
Till our rest be won;
Heavenly Leader, still direct us,
Still support, control, protect us,
Till we safely stand
In our fatherland.

125 JESUS IS THE JOY OF LIVING

I have found a wondrous Savior,
Jesus Christ, The Soul's Delight;
Ev'ry blessing of His favor
Fills my heart with hope so bright.

Jesus is the Joy of Living, He's the King of Life to me;
Unto Him my all I'm giving, His forevermore to be.
I will do what He commands me, Anywhere He leads I'll go;
Jesus is the Joy of Living, He's the dearest Friend I know.

Life is growing rich with beauty,
Toil has lost its weary strain,
Now a halo crowns each duty,
And I sing a glad refrain.

Heav'nly wisdom He provides me,
Grace to keep my spirit free;
In His own sweet way He guides me
When the path I cannot see.

O what splendor, O what glory,
I what matchless pow'r divine.
Is the Christ of Gospel story,
Christ the Saviour, who is mine.

126 NO, NOT ONE!

There's not a friend like the lowly Jesus -
No, not one! no, not one!
None else could heal all our soul's diseases -
No, not one! no, not one!

Jesus knows all about our struggles,
He will guide till the day is done;
There's not a friend like the lowly Jesus -
No, not one! no, not one!

No friend like Him is so high and holy -
No, not one! no, not one!
And yet no friend is so meek and lowly -
No, not one! no, not one!

There's not an hour that He is not near us -
No, not one! no, not one!
No night so dark but His love can cheer us -
No, not one! no, not one!

Did ever saint find this Friend forsake him?
No, not one! no, not one!
Or sinner find that He would not take him?
No, not one! no, not one!

Was e'er a gift like the Savior given?
No, not one! no, not one!
Will He refuse us a home in Heaven?
No, not one! no, not one!

127 DWELLING IN BEULAH LAND

Far away the noise of strife upon my ear is falling,
Then I know the sins of earth beset on ev'ry hand:
Doubt and fear and things of earth in vain to me are calling,
None of these shall move me from Beulah Land.

I'm living on the mountain, underneath a cloudless sky,
I'm drinking at the fountain that never shall run dry;
O yes! I'm feasting on the manna from a bountiful supply,
For I am dwelling in Beulah Land.

Far below the storm of doubt upon the world is beating,
Sons of men in battle long the enemy withstand:
Safe am I within the castle of God's Word retreating,
Nothing then can reach me - 'tis Beulah Land.

Let the stormy breezes blow, their cry cannot alarm me;
I am safely sheltered here, protected by God's hand:
Here the sun is always shining, here there's naught can harm me,
I am safe forever in Beulah Land.

Viewing here the works of God, I sink in contemplation,
Hearing now His blessed voice, I see the way He planned:
Dwelling in the Spirit, here I learn of full salvation.
Gladly I will tarry in Beulah Land.

128 HIS YOKE IS EASY

The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want;
He maketh me down to lie
In pastures green, He leadeth me
The quiet waters by.

His yoke is easy, His burden is light,
I've found it so, I've found it so;
He leadeth me by day and by night,
Where living waters flow.

My soul crieth out: "Restore me again,
And give me the strength to take
The narrow path of righteousness,
E'en for His own name's sake."

Yea, tho' I should walk the valley of death,
Yet why should I fear from ill?
For Thou art with me, and Thy rod
And staff me comfort still.

129 SINCE JESUS CAME INTO MY HEART

What a wonderful change in my life has been wrought
Since Jesus came into my heart!
I have light in my soul for which long I had sought,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

Since Jesus came into my heart,
Since Jesus came into my heart,
Floods of joy o'er my soul like the sea billows roll,
Since Jesus came into my heart.

I have ceased from my wandering and going astray,
Since Jesus came into my heart!
And my sins, which were many, are all washed away,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

There's a light in the valley of death now for me,
Since Jesus came into my heart!
And the gates of the City beyond I can see,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

I shall go there to dwell in that City, I know,
Since Jesus came into my heart!
And I'm happy, so happy, as onward I go,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

130 I WAITED FOR THE LORD MY GOD

I waited for the Lord my God,
And patiently did bear;
At length to me He did incline,
My voice and cry to hear.

He took me from a fearful pit
And from the miry clay,
And on a rock He set my feet
Establishing my way.

He put a new song in my mouth,
Our God to magnify;
Many shall see it, and shall fear,
And on the Lord rely.

O blessed is the man whose trust
Upon the Lord relies.
Respecting not the proud, nor such
As turn aside to lies.

O Lord my God, full many are
The wonders Thou hast done;
Thy gracious thoughts to us-ward far
Above all thoughts are gone.

Thy tender mercies, Lord, from me
O do Thou not restrain;
Thy loving-kindness, and Thy truth,
Let them me still maintain.

131 NO ONE EVER CARED FOR ME LIKE JESUS

I would love to tell you what I think of Jesus
Since I found in Him a friend so strong and true;
I would tell you how He changed my life completely,
He did something that no other friend could do.

No one ever cared for me like Jesus,
There's no other friend so kind as He;
No one else could take the sin and darkness from me,
O how much He cared for me.

All my life was full of sin when Jesus found me,
All my heart was full of misery and woe;
Jesus placed His strong and loving arms about me,
And He led me in the way I ought to go.

Ev'ry day He comes to me with new assurance,
More and more I understand His words of love;
But I'll never know just why He came to save me,
Till some day I see His blessed face above.

132 WHERE JESUS IS, TIS HEAVEN

Since Christ my soul from sin set free,
This world has been a Heav'n to me;
And 'mid earth's sorrows and its woe,

O hallelujah, yes, 'tis Heav'n,
On land or sea, what matters where?
Where Jesus is, 'tis Heaven there.

Once Heaven seemed a far off place,
Till Jesus showed His smiling face;
Now it's begun within my soul,

What matters where on earth we dwell?
On mountain top, or in the dell,
In cottage, or a mansion fair,
Where Jesus is, 'tis Heaven there.

133 HE TOOK MY SINS AWAY

I came to Jesus, weary, worn, and sad,
He took my sins away, He took my sins away.
And now His love has made my heart so glad,
He took my sins away.

He took my sins away, He took my sins away,
And keeps me singing ev'ry day!
I'm so glad He took my sins away,
He took my sins away.

The load of sin was more than I could bear.
He took my sins away, He took my sins away.
And now on Him I roll my ev'ry care,
He took my sins away.

No condemnation have I in my heart,
He took my sins away, He took my sins away.
His perfect peace He did to me impart,
He took my sins away.

If you will come to Jesus Christ today,
He'll take your sins away, He'll take your sins away,
And keep you happy in His love each day,
He'll take your sins away.

134 WHY DO I SING ABOUT JESUS?

Deep in my heart there's a gladness,
Jesus has saved me from sin!
Praise to His name - what a Saviour!
Cleansing without and within.

Why do I sing about Jesus?
Why is He precious to me?
He is my Lord and my Saviour -
Dying, He set me free!

Only a glimpse of His goodness,
That was sufficient for me;
Only one look at the Saviour,
Then was my spirit set free.

He is the fairest of fair ones,
He is the Lily, the Rose;
Rivers of mercy surround Him,
Grace, love and pity He shows.

135 WONDERFUL PEACE

Far away in the depths of my spirit tonight
Rolls a melody sweeter than psalm;
In celestial-like strains it unceasingly falls
O'er my soul like an infinite calm.

Peace! peace! wonderful peace,
Coming down from the Father above,
Sweep over my spirit forever, I pray,
In fathomless billows of love.

What a treasure I have in this wonderful peace,
Buried deep in the heart of my soul,
So secure that no power can mine it away,
While the years of eternity roll.

I am resting tonight in this wonderful peace,
Resting sweetly in Jesus' control;
For I'm kept from all danger by night and by day,
And His glory is flooding my soul.

And I think when I rise to that city of peace
Where the Author of peace I shall see,
That one strain of the song which the ransomed will sing
In that heavenly kingdom shall be:

Ah! soul, are you here without comfort and rest,
Marching down the rough pathway of time?
Make Jesus your friend ere the shadows grow dark -
O accept of this peace so sublime!

136 COME, YE THANKFUL PEOPLE

Come, ye thankful people, come - Raise the song of harvest home:
All is safely gathered in, Ere the winter storms begin.
God our Maker, doth provide, For our wants to be supplied:
Come to God's own temple, come - Raise the song of harvest home.

All the world is God's own field, Fruit unto His praise to yield:
Wheat and tares together sown, Unto joy or sorrow grown.
First the blade and then the ear, Then the full corn shall appear:
Lord of harvest, grant that we, Wholesome grain and pure may be.

For the Lord our God shall come, And shall take His harvest home:
From His field shall in that day, All offenses purge away -
Give His angels charge at last, In the fire the tares to cast,
But the fruitful ears to store, In His garner evermore.

Even so, Lord, quickly come, To Thy final harvest home:
Gather Thou Thy people in, Free from sorrow, free from sin;
There, forever purified, In Thy presence to abide:
Come, with all Thine angels, come - Raise the glorious harvest home.

137 THANKS TO GOD!

Thanks, O God, for boundless mercy, From Thy gracious throne above;
Thanks for ev'ry need provided, From the fullness of Thy love!
Thanks for daily toil and labor, And for rest when shadows fall;
Thanks for love of friend and neighbor, And Thy goodness unto all!

Thanks for thorns as well as roses, Thanks for weakness and for health;
Thanks for clouds as well as sunshine, Thanks for poverty and wealth!
Thanks for pain as well as pleasure - All Thou sendest day by day;
And Thy Word, our dearest treasure, Shedding light upon our way.

Thanks, O God, for home and fireside, Where we share our daily bread;
Thanks for hours of sweet communion, When by Thee our souls are fed!
Thanks for grace in time of sorrow, And for joy and peace in Thee;
Thanks for hope today, tomorrow, And for all eternity!

138 HE SAT TO WATCH O'ER CUSTOMS PAID

He sat to watch o'er customs paid,
A man of scorned and hard'ning trade;
Alike the symbol and the tool
Of foreign masters' hated rule.

But grace within his breast had stirred;
There needed but the timely word;
It came, true Lord of souls, from Thee,
That royal summons - "Follow Me."

Enough, when Thou wert passing by
To hear Thy voice, to meet Thine eye;
He rose, responsive to the call,
And left his task, his gains, his all.

O wise exchange! with these to part
And lay up treasure in Thy heart;
With twofold crown of light to shine
Amid Thy servants' foremost line!

Come, Saviour, as in days of old;
Pass where the world has strongest hold,
And faithless care and selfish greed
Are thorns that choke the holy seed.

Who keep Thy gifts, O bid them claim
The steward's, not the owner's name;
Who yield all up for Thy dear sake,
Let them of Matthew's wealth partake.

139 ONE DAY!

One day when heaven was filled with His praises,
One day when sin was as black as could be,
Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin,
Dwelt among men - my example is He!

Living - He loved me, dying - He saved me;
Buried - He carried my sins far away;
Rising - He justified freely, forever;
One day He's coming - O glorious day!

One day they led Him up Calvary's mountain,
One day they nailed Him to die on the tree;
Suffering anguish, despised and rejected,
Bearing our sins, my Redeemer is He!

One day they left Him alone in the garden,
One day He rested, from suffering free;
Angels came down o'er His tomb to keep vigil -
Hope of the hopeless, my Savior is He!

One day the grave could conceal Him no longer,
One day the stone rolled away from the door;
Then He arose, over death He had conquered,
Now is ascended, my Lord evermore!

One day the trumpet will sound for His coming,
One day the skies with His glory will shine;
Wonderful day, my beloved ones bringing!
Glorious Savior, this Jesus is mine!

140 ON THE VICTORY SIDE!

On the vict'ry side, On the vict'ry side!
No foe can daunt me, No fear can haunt me
On the vict'ry side;

On the vict'ry side,  On the vict'ry side!
With Christ within, The fight well win,
On the vict'ry side!

141 THAT BEAUTIFUL NAME

I know of a Name, A beautiful Name,
That angels brought down to earth;
They whispered it low, One night long ago,
To a maiden of lowly birth.

That beautiful Name, That beautiful Name,
From sin has pow'r to free us!
That beautiful Name, That wonderful Name,
That matchless Name is Jesus!

I know of a Name, A beautiful Name,
That unto a Babe was giv'n;
The stars glittered bright, Thru-out that glad night,
And angels praised God in heav'n.

The One of that Name, My Savior became,
My Savior of Calvary;
My sins nailed Him there, My burdens He bare.
He suffered all this for me.

I love that blest Name, That wonderful Name,
Made higher than all in heav'n;
To Jesus my life I've giv'n.

142 TELL ME THE STORY OF JESUS

Tell me the story of Jesus, Write on my heart ev'ry word;
Tell me the story most precious, Sweetest that ever was heard!
Tell how the angels in chorus, Sang as they welcomed His birth,

Tell me the story of Jesus, Write on my heart ev'ry word;
Tell me the story most precious, Sweetest that ever was heard!

Fasting alone in the desert! Tell of the days that are past -
How for our sins He was tempted, Yet was triumphant at last.
Tell of the years of His labor, Tell of the sorrow He bore -
He was despised and afflicted, Homeless, rejected and poor.

Tell of the cross where they nailed Him, Writhing in anguish and pain;
Tell of the grave where they laid Him, Tell how He liveth again!
Love, in that story so tender, Clearer than ever I see:
Stay, let me weep while you whisper, Love paid the ransom for me!

143 O HOLY NIGHT!

O holy night! the stars are brightly shining -
It is the night of the dear Savior's birth!
Long lay the world in sin and darkness pining -
Till He appeared, gift of infinite worth!
Behold the Babe in yonder manger lowly -
Fall on your knees before the Lord most holy!
O night divine - O night when Christ was born!
O night divine - O night, O night divine!

With humble hearts we bow in adoration
Before this Child, gift of God's matchless love,
Sent from on high to purchase our salvation -
That we might dwell with Him ever above.
What grace untold - to leave the bliss of glory
And die for sinners guilty and forlorn:
Fall on your knees! repeat the wondrous story!
O night divine - O night when Christ was born!
O night divine - O night, O night divine!

O day of joy, when in eternal splendor
He shall return in His glory to reign,
When ev'ry tongue due praise to Him shall render,
His pow'r and might to all nations proclaim!
A thrill of hope our longing hearts rejoices,
For soon shall dawn that glad eternal morn:
Fall on your knees! with joy lift up your voices!
O night divine - O night when Christ was born!
O night divine - O night, O night divine!

144 COME WITH ME, YE CHILDREN

Come with me, ye children, O come one and all,
To Bethlehem hasten, in manger so small,
God's Son for a gift has been sent you this night
To be your Redeemer, your joy and delight.

On hay and on straw in the manger He lies,
Both Mary and Joseph, with fond loving eyes,
Are gazing upon Him and shepherds draw near,
And jubilant angels from heaven appear.

O kneel with the shepherds in worshipful prayer,
And join the dear angels who also are there,
Sing glory to God in the heaven above,
And praise Him for Jesus, the gift of His love.

Amen.

145 COME, THOU LONG-EXPECTED JESUS

Come, Thou long-expected Jesus, Born to set Thy people free;
From our fears and sins release us: Let us find our rest in Thee.
Israel's Strength and Consolation, Hope of all the earth Thou art;
Dear Desire of ev'ry nation, Joy of ev'ry longing heart.

Born Thy people to deliver, Born a child and yet a King;
Born to reign in us forever; Now Thy gracious kingdom bring.
By Thine own eternal Spirit, Rule in all our hearts alone;
By Thine all sufficient merit, Raise us to Thy glorious throne.

146 SILENT NIGHT! HOLY NIGHT!

Silent night, holy night!
All is calm, all is bright
Round yon virgin mother and Child,
Holy Infant, so tender and mild -
Sleep in heavenly peace,
Sleep in heavenly peace.

Silent night, holy night!
Shepherds quake at the sight;
Glories stream from heaven afar,
Heav'nly hosts sing alleluia -
Christ the Savior is born!
Christ the Savior is born!

Silent night, holy night,
Son of God, love's pure light
Radiant beams from Thy holy face
With the dawn of redeeming grace -
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth,
Jesus, Lord, at Thy birth.

147 AWAY IN A MANGER

Away in a manger, no crib for a bed,
The little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head;
The stars in the sky looked down where He lay,
The little Lord Jesus, asleep on the hay.

The cattle are lowing, the Baby awakes,
But little Lord Jesus, no crying He makes;
I love Thee, Lord Jesus! look down from the sky
And stay by my cradle till morning is nigh.

Be near me, Lord Jesus, I ask Thee to stay
Close by me forever, and love me, I pray;
Bless all the dear children in Thy tender care,
And fit us for Heaven to live with Thee there.

148 ONCE IN ROYAL DAVID'S CITY

Once in royal David's city
Stood a lowly cattle shed,
Where a mother laid her Baby
In a manger for His bed;
Mary was that mother mild,
Jesus Christ her little Child.

He came down to earth from heaven,
Who is God and Lord of all,
And His shelter was a stable,
And His cradle was a stall;
With the lowly, poor, and mean,
Lived on earth our Saviour then.

And, thru all His wondrous childhood,
He would honor and obey,
Love and watch the lowly maiden,
In whose gentle arms He lay;
Christian children all must be
Mild, obedient, good as He.

Oh our eyes at last shall see Him,
Thru His own redeeming love,
For that Child so dear and gentle
Is our God in heav'n above;
And He leads His children on
To the place where He is gone.

Not in that poor lowly stable,
With the oxen standing by,
We shall see Him; but in heaven,
Set at God's right hand on high;
When like stars His children crowned
All in white shall wait around.

149 O JESUS, SO SWEET

O Jesus, so sweet, O Jesus, so mild;
O lovely Babe, Celestial Child!
Thou cam'st to us from Heav'n above,
To bring poor mortals God's great love;
O Jesus so sweet, O Jesus, so mild!

150 AWAY IN A MANGER

Away in a manger, no crib for a bed,
The little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head;
The stars in the sky looked down where He lay,
The little Lord Jesus, asleep on the hay.

The cattle are lowing, the Baby awakes,
But little Lord Jesus, no crying He makes;
I love Thee, Lord Jesus! look down from the sky
And stay by my cradle till morning is nigh.

Be near me, Lord Jesus, I ask Thee to stay
Close by me forever, and love me, I pray;
Bless all the dear children in Thy tender care,
And fit us for Heaven to live with Thee there.

151 O COME, O COME, EMMANUEL

O come, O come, Emmanuel,
And ransom captive Israel,
That mourns in lonely exile here
Until the Son of God appear.

Rejoice! rejoice! Emmanuel
Shall come to thee, O Israel.

O come, O come, Thou Lord of might,
Who to Thy tribes, on Sinai's height,
In ancient times didst give the law
In cloud and majesty and awe.

O come, Thou Rod of Jesse, free
Thine own from Satan's tyranny;
From depths of hell Thy people save,
And give them vict'ry over the grave.

O come, Thou Day-spring, come and cheer
Our spirits by Thine advent here;
O drive away the shades of night,
And pierce the clouds and bring us light.

O come, Thou Key of David, come,
And open wide our heav'nly home;
Where all Thy saints with Thee shall dwell -
O come, O come, Emmanuel!

152 JOY TO THE WORLD!

Joy to the world, the Lord is come!
Let earth receive her King;
Let ev'ry heart prepare Him room,
And heav'n and nature sing,
And heav'n and nature sing,
And heav'n, and heav'n, and nature sing.

Joy to the earth, the Savior reigns!
Let men their songs employ;
While fields and floods, rocks, hills and plains
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat, repeat, the sounding joy.

No more let sins and sorrows grow,
Nor thorns infest the ground;
He comes to make His blessings flow
Far as the curse is found,
Far as the curse is found,
Far as, far as, the curse is found.

He rules the world with truth and grace,
And makes the nations prove
The glories of His righteousness,
And wonders of His love,
And wonders of His love,
And wonders, wonders, of His love.

153 ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH

Angels we have heard on high,
Sweetly singing o'er the plains,
And the mountains in reply
Echoing their joyous strains.

Gloria, in excelsis Deo!
Gloria, in excelsis Deo!

Shepherds, why this jubilee?
Why your joyous strains prolong?
What the gladsome tidings be
Which inspire your heav'nly song?

Come to Bethlehem and see
Him whose birth the angels sing;
Come, adore on bended knee
Christ the Lord, the newborn King.

See Him in a manger laid,
Jesus, Lord of heav'n and earth;
Mary, Joseph, lend your aid,
With us sing our Savior's birth.

154 IT CAME UPON THE MIDNIGHT CLEAR

It came upon the midnight clear, That glorious song of old,
From angels bending near the earth, To touch their harps of gold:
The world in solemn stillness lay, To hear the angels sing.

Still through the cloven skies they come, With peaceful wings unfurled,
And still their heav'nly music floats, O'er all the weary world:
Above its sad and lowly plains, They bend on hov'ring wing,
And ever o'er its Babel sounds, The blessed angels sing.

And ye, beneath life's crushing load, Whose forms are bending low,
Who toil along the climbing way, With painful steps and slow,
Look now! for glad and golden hours, Come swiftly on the wing.
O rest beside the weary road, And hear the angels sing.

For lo, the days are hast'ning on, By prophet bards foretold,
When with the ever-circling years, Comes round the age of gold;
When peace shall over all the earth, Its ancient splendors fling,
And the whole world send back the song, Which now the angels sing.

155 THE FIRST NOEL

The first Noel the angel did say
Was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay -
In fields where they lay tending their sheep,
On a cold winter's night that was so deep.

Noel, noel! Noel, noel!
Born is the King of Israel!

They looked up and saw a star
Shining in the east, beyond them far;
And to the earth it gave great light,
And so it continued both day and night.

And by the light of that same star,
Three wise men came from country far;
To seek for a king was their intent,
And to follow the star wherever it went.

This star drew nigh to the northwest,
O'er Bethlehem it took its rest;
And there it did both stop and stay,
Right over the place where Jesus lay.

Then entered in those wise men three,
Full rev'rently upon the knee,
And offered there, in His presence,
Their gold and myrrh and frankincense.

Then let us all with one accord
Sing praises to our heav'nly Lord;
That hath made heav'n and earth of naught,
And with His blood mankind hath bought.

156 GOOD CHRISTIAN MEN, REJOICE

Good Christian men, rejoice, With heart and soul, and voice;
Give ye heed to what we say: News! news! Jesus Christ is born today!
Ox and ass before Him bow, And He is in the manger now;
Christ is born today! Christ is born today!

Good Christian men, rejoice, With heart and soul and voice;
Now ye hear of endless bliss: Joy! joy! Jesus Christ was born for this!
He has opened the heaven's door, And man is blest forevermore:
Christ was born for this! Christ was born for this!

Good Christian men, rejoice, With heart and soul and voice;
Now ye need not fear the grave: Peace! peace! Jesus Christ was born to save!
Calls you one and calls you all, To gain His everlasting hall:
Christ was born to save! Christ was born to save!

157 HARK! THE HERALD ANGELS SING

Hark! The herald angels sing, "Glory to the newborn King;
Peace on earth, and mercy mild - God and sinners reconciled!"
Joyful, all ye nations rise, Join the triumph of the skies;
With th'angelic host proclaim, "Christ is born in Bethlehem!"

Hark! the herald angels sing,

Christ, by highest heav'n adored; Christ the everlasting Lord:
Late in time, behold Him come, Offspring of a virgin's womb.
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see; Hail th'incarnate Deity!
Pleased as man with men to dwell, Jesus our Emmanuel.

Hail the heav'nly Prince of Peace! Hail the Sun of Righteousness!
Light and life to all He brings, Ris'n with healing in His wings.
Mild He lays His glory by, Born that man no more may die;
Born to raise the sons of earth, Born to give them second birth.

Come, Desire of nations, come! Fix in us Thy humble home:
Rise, the woman's conq'ring seed, Bruise in us the serpent's head.
Adam's likeness now efface, Stamp Thine image in its place:
Second Adam from above, Reinstate us in Thy love.

158 WHAT CHILD IS THIS?

What Child is this who, laid to rest
On Mary's lap is sleeping?
Whom angels greet with anthems sweet,
While shepherds watch are keeping?

This, this is Christ the King,
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing:
Haste, haste, to bring Him laud -
The Babe, the Son of Mary.

Why lies He in such mean estate,
Where ox and ass are feeding?
Good Christians, fear - for sinners here
The silent Word is pleading.

So bring Him incense, gold and myrrh -
Come rich and poor, to own Him;
The King of kings salvation brings -
Let loving hearts enthrone Him.

159 WHILE SHEPHERDS WATCHED THEIR FLOCKS

While shepherds watched their flocks by night,
All seated on the ground,
The angel of the Lord came down,
And glory shone around,
And glory shone around.

Had seized their troubled mind;
To you and all mankind,
To you and all mankind."

Is born of David's line,
The Savior, who is Christ the Lord,
And this shall be the sign -
And this shall be the sign:"

To human view displayed,
All meanly wrapt in swathing bands,
And in a manger laid,
And in a manger laid."

And to the earth be peace:
Good will henceforth from heav'n to men
Begin and never cease,
Begin and never cease!"

160 AS WITH GLADNESS MEN OF OLD

As with gladness, men of old, Did the guiding star behold -
As with joy they hailed its light, Leading onward, beaming bright -
So, most glorious Lord, may we, Evermore be led to Thee.

As with joyful steps they sped, To that lowly manger bed
There to bend the knee before Him whom heav'n and earth adore,
So may we with willing feet, Ever seek Thy mercy seat.

As they offered gifts most rare, At that manger rude and bare,
So may we with holy joy, Pure and free from sin's alloy,
All our costliest treasures bring, Christ, to Thee, our heav'nly King.

Holy Jesus, ev'ry day, Keep us in the narrow way;
And, when earthly things are past, Bring our ransomed souls at last
Where they need no star to guide, Where no clouds Thy glory hide.

161 THERE'S A SONG IN THE AIR!

There's a song in the air! There's a star in the sky!
There's a mother's deep prayer, And a baby's low cry!
And the star rains its fire while the beautiful sing,
For the manger of Bethlehem cradles a King!

There's a tumult of joy, O'er the wonderful birth,
For the virgin's sweet Boy, Is the Lord of the earth.
Ay! the star rains its fire while the beautiful sing,
For the manger of Bethlehem cradles a King!

In the light of that star, Lie the ages impearled,
And that song from afar, Has swept over the world.
Ev'ry hearth is aflame, and the beautiful sing
In the homes of the nations that Jesus is King!

We rejoice in the light, And we echo the song
That comes down thru the night, From the heavenly throng.
Ay! we shout to the lovely evangel they bring,
And we greet in His cradle our Savior and King!

162 I HEARD THE BELLS ON CHRISTMAS DAY

I heard the bells on Christmas day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet the words repeat
Of peace on earth, good will to men.

I thought how, as the day had come,
The belfries of all Christendom
Had rolled along th'unbroken song
Of peace on earth, good will to men.

And in despair I bowed my head:
Of peace on earth, good will to men."

Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:
The wrong shall fail, the right prevail
With peace on earth, good will to men."

Till ringing, singing on its way
The world revolved from night to day -
A voice, a chime, a chant sublime
Of peace on earth, good will to men.

163 ANGELS, FROM THE REALMS OF GLORY

Angels from the realms of glory,
Wing your flight o'er all the earth;
Ye who sang creation's story
Now proclaim Messiah's birth:

Come and worship, come and worship,
Worship Christ, the newborn King.

Shepherds, in the field abiding,
Watching o'er your flocks by night,
God with man is now residing;
Yonder shines the infant Light:

Sages, leave your contemplations,
Brighter visions beam afar;
Seek the great Desire of nations;
Ye have seen His natal star:

Saints, before the altar bending,
Watching long in hope and fear;
Suddenly the Lord, descending,
In His temple shall appear:

164 O COME, ALL YE FAITHFUL

O come, all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant,
Come ye, O come ye, to Bethlehem;
Come and behold Him, born the King of angels:

O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him, Christ the Lord.

Sing, choirs of angels, sing in exultation,
Sing, all ye bright hosts of heav'n above;
Glory to God, all glory in the highest:

Yea, Lord, we greet Thee, born this happy morning,
Jesus, to Thee be all glory giv'n;
Word of the Father, now in flesh appearing:

165 THOU DIDST LEAVE THY THRONE

Thou didst leave Thy throne, And Thy kingly crown
When Thou camest to earth for me;
But in Bethlehem's home, Was there found no room
For Thy holy nativity.

O come to my heart, Lord Jesus -
There is room in my heart for Thee!

Heaven's arches rang, When the angels sang,
Proclaiming Thy royal degree;
But of lowly birth, Didst Thou come to earth,
And in great humility.

The foxes found rest, And the birds their nest
In the shade of the forest tree;
But Thy couch was the sod, O Thou Son of God,
In the deserts of Galilee.

Thou camest, O Lord, With the living word
That should set Thy people free;
But with mocking scorn, And with crown of thorn,
They bore Thee to Calvary.

When the heavens shall ring, And the angels sing
At Thy coming to victory,
Let Thy voice call me home, Saying, "Yet there is room -
There is room at My side for thee."

My heart shall rejoice, Lord Jesus,
When Thou comest and callest for me!

166 CHRISTIANS, AWAKE, SALUTE THE HAPPY MORN

Christians, awake, salute the happy morn,
Whereon the Saviour of mankind was born;
Rise to adore the mystery of love
Which hosts of angels chanted from above;
With them the joyful tidings first begun
Of God incarnate and the Virgin's Son.

Then to the watchful shepherds it was told,
Who heard th'angelic herald's voice: "Behold,
I bring good tidings of a Saviour's birth
To you and all the nations upon earth;
This day hath God fulfilled His promised word,
This day is born a Saviour, Christ the Lord."

He spake: and straightway the celestial choir
In hymns of joy, unknown before, conspire;
The praises of redeeming love they sang,
And heav'n's whole orb with hallelujahs rang;
God's highest glory was their anthem still,
Peace on the earth and unto men good will.

167 HARK! WHAT JOYFUL NOTES ARE SWELLING

Hark! what joyful notes are swelling, On the quiet midnight air!
Now the music, in its gladness, Breaks and swells, and glides along!
Now earth, waking from her sadness, Joins the chorus of the song!

Glory in the highest heaven! Peace on earth, goodwill to man,
Let all praise to God be given, For Redemption's glorious plan.

See all darkness disappearing, As the Star begins to rise!
Sin and Death stand trembling, fearing, As the light falls on their eyes;
Now, again, the earth rejoices, Satan's pow'rful kingdom shakes,
As, from all the heav'nly voices, Louder still the chorus breaks!

Rise and shine, Star of salvation! Spread thy beams o'er all the earth,
Till each distant land and nation, Owns and speaks Thy matchless worth!
Till all tongues, Thy praises singing, Shall Thy mighty wonders tell,
Till all heav'n with joy is ringing, As our hearts the chorus swell!

When our days on earth are ended, And we rise to worlds above,
Then our songs shall all be blended, In one song of pard'ning love!
Then we'll tell the wondrous story, And our blessed Lord adore!
In our home of bliss and glory, We shall sing forevermore!

Glory in the highest heaven! Sound aloud the joyful strain,
Glory to the Lamb be given, Who for sinners once was slain.

168 WHO IS HE IN YONDER STALL?

Who is He in yonder stall,
At whose feet the shepherds fall?

At His feet we humbly fall,
Crown Him! crown Him, Lord of all.

Who is He that stands and weeps
At the grave where Laz'rus sleeps?

Lo! at midnight, who is He
Prays in dark Gethsemane?

Who is He in Calv'ry's throes,
Asks for blessings on His foes?

Who is He that from the grave
Comes to heal and help and save?

Who is He that from yon throne
Rules the world of light along?

169 BRIGHTEST AND BEST OF THE SONS OF THE MORNING

Brightest and best of the sons of the morning,
Dawn on our darkness and lend us thine aid;
Star of the east, the horizon adorning,
Guide where our infant Redeemer is laid!

Cold on his cradle the dewdrops are shining,
Low lies His head with the beasts of the stall;
Angels adore Him, in slumber reclining,
Maker, and Monarch, and Savior of all.

Say, shall we yield Him, in costly devotion,
Odors of Edom and offerings divine?
Gems of the mountain and pearls of the ocean,
Myrrh from the forest, or gold from the mine?

Vainly we offer each ample oblation;
Vainly with gifts would His favor secure;
Richer by far is the heart's adoration,
Dearer to God are the prayers of the poor.

Brightest and best of the sons of the morning,
Dawn on our darkness and lend us thine aid;
Star of the east, the horizon adorning,
Guide where our infant Redeemer is laid!

Amen.

170 MARY'S BOY-CHILD

Long time ago in Bethlehem,
So the Holy Scriptures say
Mary's Boy Child, Jesus Christ,
Was born on Christmas day.

Hark now, hear the angels sing,
The Saviour's born today
And you may live for evermore,
Because of Christmas Day.

While Shepherds watch'd their flocks by night,
All seated on the ground;
The angel of the Lord came down,
And glory shone around.

Had seized their troubled mind,
Glad tidings of great joy I bring
To you and all mankind.

Is born of David's line,
The Saviour, who is Christ, the Lord,
And this shall be the sign."

To human view displayed,
And meanly wrapped in swathing bands,
And in a manger laid."

And to the earth be peace;
Goodwill henceforth from heav'n to men
Begin and never cease!"

171 O LITTLE TOWN OF BETHLEHEM

O little town of Bethlehem, How still we see thee lie!
Above thy deep and dreamless sleep, The silent stars go by;
Yet in thy dark streets shineth, The everlasting Light -
The hopes and fears of all the years, Are met in thee tonight.

For Christ is born of Mary - And gathered all above,
While mortals sleep, the angels keep, Their watch of wond'ring love.
O morning stars, together, Proclaim the holy birth,
And praises sing to God the King, And peace to men on earth.

How silently, how silently, The wondrous gift is giv'n!
So God imparts to human hearts, The blessings of His heav'n.
No ear may hear His coming, But in this world of sin,
Where meek souls will receive Him still, The dear Christ enters in.

O holy Child of Bethlehem, Descend to us, we pray;
Cast out our sin, and enter in - Be born in us today.
We hear the Christmas angels, The great glad tidings tell;
O come to us, abide with us, our Lord Emmanuel!

172 O LITTLE TOWN OF BETHLEHEM

O little town of Bethlehem, How still we see thee lie!
Above thy deep and dreamless sleep, The silent stars go by:
Yet in thy dark streets shineth, The everlasting Light;
The hopes and fears of all the years, Are met in thee tonight.

O morning stars, together, Proclaim the holy birth,
And praises sing to God the King, And peace to men on earth;
For Christ is born of Mary; And gathered all above,
While mortals sleep, the angels keep, Their watch of wond'ring love.

How silently, how silently, The wondrous gift is giv'n!
So God imparts to human hearts, The blessings of His heav'n.
No ear may hear His coming; But in this world of sin,
Where meek souls will receive Him, still The dear Christ enters in.

O holy Child of Bethlehem, Descend to us, we pray;
Cast out our sin, and enter in; Be born in us today.
We hear the Christmas angels, The great glad tidings tell;
O come to us, abide with us, our Lord Immanuel.

173 THERE IS A FOUNTAIN

There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Immanuel's veins,
And sinners plunged beneath that flood lose all their guilty stains:
Lose all their guilty stains, lose all their guilty stains;
And sinners plunged beneath that flood lose all their guilty stains.

The dying thief rejoiced to see that fountain in his day,
And there may I, though vile as he, wash all my sins away:
Wash all my sins away, washe all my sins away;
And there may I, though vile as he, wash all my sins away.

Dear dying Lamb, Thy precious blood shall never lose its pow'r,
Till all the ransomed Church of God be saved, to sin no more:
Be saved to sin no more, be saved to sin no more;
Till all the ransomed Church of God be saved, to sin no more.

E'er since by faith, I saw the stream Thy flowing wounds supply,
Redeeming love has been my theme, and shall be till I die:
And shall be till I die, and shall be till I die;
Redeeming love has been my theme, and shall be till I die.

When this poor lisping, stamm'ring tongue lies silent in the grave,
Then in a nobler, sweeter song, I'll sing Thy pow'r to save:
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save, I'll sing Thy pow'r to save;
Then in a nobler, sweeter song, I'll sing Thy pow'r to save.

174 THERE IS A FOUNTAIN FILLED WITH BLOOD

There is a fountain filled with blood
Drawn from Immanuel's veins,
And sinners, plunged beneath that flood,
Lose all their guilty stains.

The dying thief rejoiced to see
That fountain in his day;
And there have I, though vile as he,
Washed all my sins away.

Dear dying Lamb, Thy precious blood
Shall never lose its power
Till all the ransomed Church of God
Be saved, to sin no more.

E'er since by faith, I saw the stream
Thy flowing wounds supply,
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.

Then in a nobler, sweeter song,
I'll sing Thy power to save,
When this poor lisping, stammering tongue
Lies silent in the grave.

Lord, I believe Thou hast prepared,
Unworthy though I be,
For me a blood-bought free reward,
A golden harp for me;

And formed, by power divine,
To sound in God the Father's ears
No other name but Thine.

Amen.

175 FOR ALL MY SIN

It was his love for me, That nailed Him to the tree,
To die in agony, For all my sin;
For my own guilt and blame, The great Redeemer came;
Willing to bear the shame, Of all my sin.

Oh, what a Saviour is mine!
In him God's mercies combine,
His love can never decline,
And He loves me.

To Calv'ry's hill one day, The Lord was led away,
None else the price could pay, For all my sin;
He on the cross was slain, Yielding his life in pain;
He felt the bitter stain, Of all my sin.

Was ever love so strong? Was ever crime so wrong?
When Jesus suffered long, For all my sin;
He saw my greatest need, Became my friend indeed,
Thru Him I have been freed, Of all my sin.

176 RIDE ON, RIDE ON IN MAJESTY

Ride on, ride on in majesty!
Hark! all the tribes "Hosanna!" cry!
O Saviour meek, pursue Thy road
With palms and scattered garments strowed.

Ride on, ride on in majesty!
In lowly pomp ride on to die:
O Christ, Thy triumphs now begin
O'r captive death and conquered sin.

Ride on, ride on in majesty!
The angel armies of the sky
Look down with sad and wond'ring eyes
To see th'approaching sacrifice.

Ride on, ride on in majesty!
Thy last and fiercest strife is nigh:
The Father on His sapphire throne
Awaits His own anointed Son.

Ride on! ride on in majesty!
In lowly pomp ride on to die;
Bow Thy meek head to mortal pain,
Then take, O God, Thy power, and reign.

177 CALVARY

On Calvary's brow ... my Saviour died, ...
And purchased there ... my pardon free.

O Calvary! dark Calvary!
Where Jesus shed His blood for me (for me);
O Calvary! blest Calvary!

My Saviour bows ... His head and dies; ...
The opening veil ... reveals the way ...
To heaven's joys ... and endless day.

O Jesus, Lord, ... how can it be ...
That Thou shouldst give ... Thy life for me, ...
To bear the cross ... and agony ...
In that dread hour ... on Calvary!

178 AT THE CROSS

Alas! and did my Savior bleed?
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For such a worm as I?

At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light,
And the burden of my heart rolled away -
It was there by faith I received my sight,
And now I am happy all the day!

Was it for crimes that I had done
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity! grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide
And shut his glories in,
When Christ, the mighty Maker, died
For man the creature's sin.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe:
Here, Lord, I give myself away -

179 THE WAY OF THE CROSS LEADS HOME

I must needs go home by the way of the cross,
There's no other way but this;
I shall ne'er get sight of the gates of light,
If the way of the cross I miss.

The way of the cross leads home,
The way of the cross leads home;
It is sweet to know, as I onward go,
The way of the cross leads home.

I must needs go on in the blood-sprinkled way,
The path that the Saviour trod,
If I ever climb to the heights sublime,
Where the soul is at home with God.

Then I bid farewell to the way of the world
To walk in it never more;
For the Lord says, "Come," and I seek my home
Where He waits at the open door.

180 NAILED TO THE CROSS

There was One Who was willing to die in my stead,
That a soul so unworthy might live;
And the path to the cross He was willing to tread,
All the sins of my life to forgive.

They are nailed to the cross,aThey are nailed to the cross,
O how much He was willing to bear!
With what anguish and loss Jesus went to the cross!
But He carried my sins with Him there.

He is tender and loving and patient with me,
While He cleanses my heart of the dross;
But "there's no condemnation" - I know I am free,
For my sins are all nailed to the cross.

I will cling to my Savior and never depart -
I will joyfully journey each day,
With a song on my lips and a song in my heart,
That my sins have been taken away.

181 IN THE CROSS OF CHRIST I GLORY

In the cross of Christ I glory,
Tow'ring o'er the wrecks of time;
All the light of sacred story
Gathers round its head sublime.

When the woes of life o'ertake me,
Hopes deceive, and fears annoy,
Never shall the cross forsake me:
Lo! it glows with peace and joy.

When the sun of bliss is beaming
Light and love upon my way,
From the cross the radiance streaming
Adds more luster to the day.

Bane and blessing, pain and pleasure,
By the cross are sanctified;
Peace is there that knows no measure,
Joys that thru all time abide.

182 LEAD ME TO CALVARY

King of my life, I crown Thee now -
Thine shall the glory be;
Lest I forget Thy thorn-crowned brow,
Lead me to Calvary.

Lest I forget Gethsemane,
Lest I forget Thine agony;
Lest I forget Thy love for me,
Lead me to Calvary.

Show me the tomb where Thou wast laid,
Tenderly mourned and wept;
Angels in robes of light arrayed
Guarded Thee whilst Thou slept.

Let me like Mary, thru the gloom,
Come with a gift to Thee;
Show to me now the empty tomb -
Lead me to Calvary.

May I be willing, Lord, to bear
Daily my cross for Thee;
Even Thy cup of grief to share -
Thou hast borne all for me.

183 JESUS PAID IT ALL

I hear the Savior say,
Child of weakness, watch and pray,
Find in Me thine all in all."

Jesus paid it all,
All to Him I owe;
Sin had left a crimson stain -
He washed it white as snow.

Lord, now indeed I find
Thy pow'r and Thine alone,
Can change the leper's spots
And melt the heart of stone.

For nothing good have I
Whereby Thy grace to claim -
I'll wash my garments white
In the blood of Calv'ry's Lamb.

And when before the throne
I stand in Him complete,
My lips shall still repeat.

184 ROCK OF AGES

Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From Thy wounded side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure,
Save from wrath and make me pure.

Could my tears forever flow,
Could my zeal no languor know,
These for sin could not atone -
Thou must save, and Thou alone:
In my hand no price I bring,
Simply to Thy cross I cling.

While I draw this fleeting breath,
When my eyes shall close in death,
When I rise to worlds unknown
And behold Thee on Thy throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in Thee.

185 HALLELUJAH, WHAT A SAVIOR!

For the Son of God, who came
Ruined sinners to reclaim!
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

Bearing shame and scoffing rude,
In my place condemned He stood -
Sealed my pardon with His blood:
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

Guilty, vile, and helpless we,
Spotless Lamb of God was He;
Full atonement! can it be?
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

Lifted up was He to die,
Now in heav'n exalted high:
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

When He comes, our glorious King,
All His ransomed home to bring,
Then anew His song we'll sing:
Hallelujah, what a Savior!

186 WOUNDED FOR ME

Wounded for me, wounded for me,
There on the cross He was wounded for me;
Gone my transgressions, and now I am free,
All because Jesus was wounded for me.

Dying for me, dying for me,
There on the cross He was dying for me;
Now in His death my redemption I see,
All because Jesus was dying for me.

Risen for me, risen for me,
Up from the grave He has risen for me;
Now evermore from death's sting I am free,
All because Jesus has risen for me.

Living for me, living for me,
Up in the skies He is living for me;
Daily He's pleading and praying for me,
All because Jesus is living for me.

Coming for me, coming for me,
One day to earth He is coming for me;
Then with what joy His dear face I shall see,
O how I praise Him - He's coming for me!

187 IT IS A THING MOST WONDERFUL

It is a thing most wonderful,
Almost too wonderful to be,
That God's own Son should come from heav'n
And die to save a child like me.

And yet I know that it is true:
He came to this poor world below,
And wept and toiled and mourned and died,
Only because He loved us so.

I cannot tell how He could love
A child so weak and full of sin;
His love must be most wonderful,
If He could die my love to win.

I sometimes think about His cross,
And shut my eyes, and try to see
The cruel nails, and crown of thorns,
And Jesus crucified for me.

But even could I see Him die,
I could but see a little part
Of that great love, which, like a fire,
Is always burning in His heart.

It is most wonderful to know
His love for me so free and sure;
But 'tis more wonderful to see
My love for Him so faint and poor.

And yet I want to love Thee, Lord:
O light the flame within my heart,
And I will love Thee more and more
Until I see Thee as Thou art!

188 O SACRED HEAD, NOW WOUNDED

O sacred Head, now wounded, With grief and shame weighed down,
Now scornfully surrounded, With thorns Thy only crown,
How art Thou pale with anguish, With sore abuse and scorn!
How does that visage languish, Which once was bright as morn!

What Thou, my Lord, hast suffered, Was all for sinners' gain:
Mine, mine was the transgression, But Thine the deadly pain.
Lo, here I fall, my Savior! 'Tis I deserve Thy place;
Look on me with Thy favor, Vouchsafe to me Thy grace.

What language shall I borrow, To thank Thee, dearest Friend,
For this Thy dying sorrow, Thy pity without end?
O make me Thine forever! And, should I fainting be,
Lord, let me never, never, Outlive my love to Thee!

189 I KNOW A FOUNT

I know a fount where sins are wash'd away (away),
I know a place where night is turned to day (to day);
Burdens are lifted, blind eyes made to see;
There's a wonder working pow'r,
In the blood of Calvary.

I know a Saviour, He's a faithful friend (a friend),
One who is with me, will be to the end (the end).
He now in glory intercedes for me,

I have a peace, this world could never give (not give),
Wonderful peace, for now in Christ I live (I live).
From condemnation He hath made me free,
What a wonder working pow'r,
In the blood of Calvary.

I have a hope, My Lord will surely come (will come),
All His redeemed ones shall be gathered home (be home).
With him in glory evermore to be,
Then we'll praise Him for the blood,
That was shed on Calvary

190 ALONE

It was alone the Saviour prayed
In dark Gethsemane;
Alone He drained the bitter cup
And suffered there for me.

Alone, (It was alone,), alone, (yes, all alone,)
He bore it all alone; (yes, all alone;)
He gave Himself to save His own,
He suffered, bled and died alone, alone.

It was alone the Saviour stood
In Pilate's judgment hall;
Alone the crown of thorns He wore,
Forsaken thus by all.

Alone upon the cross He hung
That others He might save;
Forsaken then by God and man,
Alone, His life He gave.

191 IVORY PALACES

My Lord has garments so wondrous fine,
And myrrh their texture fills;
Its fragrance reached to this heart of mine,
With joy my being thrills.

Refrain:
Out of the ivory palaces,
Into a world of woe -
Only His great, eternal love
Made my Savior go.

His life had also its sorrows sore,
For aloes had a part;
And when I think of the cross He bore,
My eyes with teardrops start.

His garments too were in cassia dipped,
With healing in a touch;
Each time my feet in some sin have slipped,
He took me from its clutch.

In garments glorious He will come,
To open wide the door;
And I shall enter my heav'nly home,
To dwell forevermore.

192 THERE IS A GREEN HILL FAR AWAY

There is a green hill far away,
Without a city wall,
Where the dear Lord was crucified,
Who died to save us all.

Chorus:
O dearly, dearly has He loved!
And we must love Him too;
And trust in His redeeming blood,
And try His works to do.

We may not know, we cannot tell
What pains He had to bear;
But we believe it was for us
He hung and suffered there.

He died that we might be forgiv'n,
He died to make us good,
That we might go at last to heav'n,
Saved by His precious blood.

There was no other good enough
To pay the price of sin;
He only could unlock the gate
Of heav'n and let us in.

193 'TIS MIDNIGHT - AND ON OLIVE'S BROW

'Tis midnight - and on Olive's brow,
The star is dimmed that lately shown;
'Tis midnight - in the garden now
The suff'ring Saviour prays alone.

'Tis midnight - and from all removed,
The Saior wrestles lone with fears,
E'en the disciple that He loved
Heeds not His Master's grief and tears.

'Tis midnight - and for others' guilt
The Man of Sorrows weeps in blood;
Yet He that hath in anguish knelt.
Is not forsaken by His God.

'Tis midnight - and from ether plains,
Is borne the song that angels know:
Unheard by mortals are the strains
That sweetly soothe the Savior's woe.

194 ALAS! AND DID MY SAVIOR BLEED?

Alas! and did my Savior bleed?
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For such a worm such as I?

Was it for crimes that I have done
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity! grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide,
And shut His glories in,
When Christ, the mighty Maker, died
For man the creature's sin.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe;
Here, Lord, I give myself away -
'Tis all that I can do.

195 O LOVE DIVINE!

O Love divine! what hast Thou done?
Th'immortal God hath died for me!
The Father's co-eternal Son
Bore all my sins upon the tree;
Th'immortal God for me hath died!
My Lord, my Love, is crucified.

Behold Him, all ye that pass by,
The bleeding Prince of life and peace!
Come, sinners, see your Maker die,
And say, was ever grief like His?
Come, feel with me His blood applied:
My Lord, my Love, is crucified:

Is crucified for me and you,
To bring us rebels back to God:
Believe, believe the record true,
Ye all are bought with Jesus' blood.
Pardon for all flows from His side:
My Lord, my Love, is crucified.

Then let us sit beneath His cross,
And gladly catch the healing stream,
All things for Him account but loss,
And give up all our hearts to Him:
Of nothing think or speak beside:
My Lord, my Love, is crucified.

196 BLESSED REDEEMER

Up Calvary's mountain one dreadful morn,
Walked Christ my Savior, weary and worn;
Facing for sinners death on the cross,
That He might save them from endless loss.

Chorus:
Blessed Redeemer, precious Redeemer!
Seems now I see Him on Calvary's tree;
Wounded and bleeding, for sinners pleading--
Blind and unheeding-- dying for me!

"Father, forgive them!" thus did He pray,
E'en while His lifeblood flowed fast away;
Praying for sinners while such woe--
No one but Jesus ever loved so.

O how I love Him, Savior and Friend!
How can my praises ever find end!
Thru years unnumbered on heaven's shore,
My tongue shall praise Him forevermore.

197 ALL GLORY, LAUD AND HONOR

All glory, laud and honor
To Thee, Redeemer, King,
To whom the lips of children
Made sweet hosannas ring:
Thou art the King of Israel,
Thou David's royal Son,
Who in the Lord's name comest,
The King and Blessed One1

The company of angels
Are praising Thee on high,
And mortal men and all things
Created make reply:
The people of the Hebrews
With palms before Thee went;
Our praise and prayer and anthems
Before Thee we present.

To Thee, before Thy passion,
They sang their hymns of praise;
To Thee, now high exalted,
Our melody we raise:
Thou didst accept their praises -
Accept the praise we bring,
Who in all good delightest,
Thou good and gracious King!

198 HOSANNA, LOUD HOSANNA

Hosanna, loud hosanna,
The little children sang;
Thru pillared court and temple
The lovely anthem rang;
To Jesus, who had blessed them
Close folded to His breast,
The children sang their praises,
The simplest and the best.

From Olivet they followed
'Mid an exultant crowd,
The victor palm branch waving
And chanting clear and loud;
The Lord of men and angels
Rode on in lowly state,
Nor scorned that little children
Should on His bidding wait.

"Hosanna in the highest!"
That ancient song we sing,
For Christ is our Redeemer,
The Lord of heav'n, our King.
Oh, may we ever praise Him
With heart and life and voice
And in His blissful presence
Eternally rejoice!

199 THE OLD RUGGED CROSS

On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross,
The emblem of suff'ring and shame;
And I love that old cross where the dearest and best
For a world of lost sinners was slain.

Chorus:
So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it some day for a crown.

O that old rugged cross, so despised by the world,
Has a wondrous attraction for me;
For the dear Lamb of God left His glory above
To bear it to dark Calvary.[Chorus]

In the old rugged cross, stained with blood so divine,
Such a wonderful beauty I see;
For 'twas on that old cross Jesus suffered and died
To pardon and sanctify me.[Chorus]

To the old rugged cross I will ever be true;
It's shame and reproach gladly bear.
Then He'll call me some day to my home far away,
Where His glory forever I'll share.

200 HERE, O MY LORD, I SEE THEE FACE TO FACE

Here, O my Lord, I see Thee face to face,
Here would I touch and handle things unseen,
Here grasp with firmer hand eternal grace,
And all my weariness upon Thee lean.

Here would I feed upon the bread of God,
Here drink with Thee the royal wine of heav'n,
Here would I lay aside each earthly load,
Here taste afresh the calm of sin forgiv'n.

I have no help but Thine, nor do I need
Another arm save Thine to lean upon;
It is enough, my Lord, enough indeed -
My strength is in Thy might, Thy might alone.

Mine is the sin, but Thine the righteousness,
Mine is the guilt, but Thine the cleansing blood;
Here is my robe, my refuge, and my peace,
Thy blood, Thy righteousness, O Lord my God.

201 ACCORDING TO THY GRACIOUS WORD

According to Thy gracious word,
In meek humility,
This will I do, my loving Lord:
I will remember Thee.

The body, broken for my sake,
My bread from heav'n shall be:
Thy testamental cup I take,
And thus remember Thee.

Gethsemane can I forget?
Or there Thy conflict see,
Thine agony and bloody sweat,
And not remember thee?

When to the cross I turn mine eyes
And rest on Calvary,
O Lamb of God, my sacrifice,
I must remember Thee -

Remember Thee and all Thy pains
And all Thy love to me;
Yea, while a breath, a pulse remains,
Will I remember Thee.

And when these failing lips grow dumb,
And mind and mem'ry flee,
When Thou shalt in Thy Kingdom come,
Jesus, remember me!

202 GO TO DARK GETHSEMANE

Go to dark Gethsemane,
Ye that feel the tempter's power;
Your Redeemer's conflict see;
Watch with Him one bitter hour;
Turn not from his griefs away;
Learn of Jesus Christ to pray.

See him the judgment hall,
Beaten, bound, reviled, arraigned;
See him meekly bearing all!
Love to man his soul sustained.
Shun not suffering, shame, or loss;
Learn of Christ to bear the cross.

Calvary's mournful mountain climb;
There adoring at his feet,
Mark that miracle of time,
God's own sacrifice complete:
"It is finish'd!" hear the cry;
Learn of Jesus Christ to die.

Amen.

203 HE LIVES

204 THE STRIFE IS O'ER

Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!

The strife is o'er - the battle done,
The victory of life is won;
The song of triumph has begun:
Alleluia!

The pow'rs of death have done their worst,
But Christ their legions hath dispersed.
Let shouts of holy joy outburst.:
Alleluia!

The three sad days have quickly sped,
He rises glorious from the dead;
All glory to our risen Head!
Alleluia!

He closed the yawning gates of hell;
The bars from heav'n's high portals fell.
Let hymns of praise His triumphs tell.
Alleluia!

Lord, by the stripes which wounded Thee,
From death's dread sting Thy servants free,
That we may live and sing to Thee.
Alleluia!

205 THINE IS THE GLORY

Thine is the glory,
Risen, conquering Son;
Endless is the victory
Thou o'er death hast won.
Angels in bright raiment
Rolled the stone away,
Kept the folded grave-clothes
Where thy body lay.

Refrain:
Thine is the glory,
Risen, conquering Son;
Endless is the victory
Thou o'er death hast won.

Lo! Jesus meets thee,
Risen from the tomb;
Lovingly he greets thee
Scatters fear and gloom.
Let his church with gladness
Hymns of triumph sing;
For her Lord now liveth;
Death hath lost its sting.

No more we doubt thee,
Glorious Prince of life!
Life is nought without thee;
Aid us in our strife.
Make us more than conquerors,
Through thy deathless love;
Bring us safe through Jordan
To Thy home above.

206 CHRIST AROSE

Low in the grave He lay -
Jesus, my Savior!
Waiting the coming day -
Jesus, my Lord!

Chorus:
Up from the grave He arose,
With a mighty triumph o'er His foes.
He arose a Victor from the dark domain,
And He lives forever with His saints to reign.
He arose! He arose!
Hallelujah! Christ arose!

Vainly they watch His bed -
Jesus, my Savior!
Vainly they seal the dead -
Jesus, my Lord!

Death cannot keep his prey -
Jesus, my Savior!
He tore the bars away -
Jesus, my Lord!

207 GOLDEN HARPS ARE SOUNDING

Golden harps are sounding, angels voices ring,
Pearly gates are opened, opened for the King:
Christ, the King of glory, Jesus, King of love,
Is gone up in triumph, to His throne above.

All His work is ended, joyfully we sing;
Jesus hath ascended - glory to our King!

He who came to save us, He who bled and died,
Now is crowned with glory at His Father's side:
Nevermore to suffer, nevermore to die,
Jesus, King of glory, is gone up on high.

Praying for His children in that blessed place,
Calling them to glory, sending them His grace;
His bright home preparing, faithful ones, for you;
Jesus ever liveth, ever loveth, too.

208 THE DAY OF RESURRECTION

The day of resurrection!
Earth, tell it out abroad;
The Passover of gladness,
The Passover of God.
From death to life eternal,
From earth unto the sky,
Our Christ hath brought us over
With hymns of victory.

Our hearts be pure from evil,
That we may see aright
The Lord in rays eternal
Of resurrection light;
And, listening to his accents,
May hear, so calm and plain
His own "All hail" and, hearing,
May raise the victor strain.

Now let the heavens be joyful,
Let earth its song begin,
The round world keep high triumph,
And all that is therein;
Let all things seen and unseen
Their notes of gladness blend;
For Christ the Lord has risen,
Our joy that has no end.

Amen.

209 BECAUSE HE LIVES

210 COME, YE FAITHFUL, RAISE THE STRAIN

Come, ye faithful, raise the strain
Of triumphant gladness:
God has brought His people forth
Into joy from sadness.
Now rejoice, Jerusalem
And with ture affection
Welcome with unceasing praise
Jesus' resurrection.

'Tis the spring of souls today:
Christ hath burst His prison,
From the frost and gloom of death
Light and live have risen;
All the winter of our sins,
Long and dark, is flying
From His light to whom we give
Thanks and praise undying.

Alleluia! now we cry
To our King immortal,
Who, triumphant, burst the bars
Of the tomb's dark portal;
"Alleluia!" with the Son,
God the Father praising,
"Alleluia!" yet again
To the Spirit raising.

211 CHRIST THE LORD IS RISEN TODAY

Christ the Lord is ris'n today, Alleluia!
Sons of men and angels say: Alleluia!
Raise your joys and triumphs high, Alleluia!
Sing, ye heav'ns, and earth reply: Alleluia!

Lives again our glorious King, Alleluia!
Where, O death, is now your sting? Alleluia!
Dying once He all doth save, Alleluia!
Where your victory, O grave? Alleluia!

Love's redeeming work is done, Alleluia!
Fought the fight, the battle won, Alleluia!
Death in vain forbids Him rise, Alleluia!
Christ has opened Paradise, Alleluia!

Soar we now where Christ has led, Alleluia!
Foll'wing our exalted Head, Alleluia!
Made like Him, like Him we rise, Alleluia!
Ours the cross, the grave, the skies, Alleluia!

212 HAIL, THOU ONCE-DESPISED JESUS!

Hail, Thou once-despised Jesus!
Hail, Thou Galilean King!
Thou didst suffer to release us;
Thou didst free salvation bring.
Hail, Thou agonizing Savior,
Bearer of our sin and shame!
By Thy merits we find favor,
Life is given thru Thy name.

Paschal Lamb, by God appointed,
All our sins on Thee were laid;
By almighty love anointed,
Thou hast full atonement made.
All Thy people are forgiven
Thru the virtue of Thy blood;
Opened is the gate of heaven,
Peace is made 'twixt man and God.

Jesus, hail! enthroned in glory,
There forever to abide;
All the heav'nly host adore Thee,
Seated at Thy Father's side:
There for sinners Thou art pleading;
There Thou dost our place prepare,
Ever for us interceding
Till in glory we appear.

Worship, honor, pow'r, and blessing
Thou art worthy to receive;
Loudest praises, without ceasing,
Meet it is for us to give.
Help, ye bright angelic spirits,
Bring your sweetest, noblest lays;
Help to sing our Savior's merits,
Help to chant Immanuel's praise!

213 WELCOME, HAPPY MORNING!

"Welcome, happy morning!" age to age shall say,
"Hell today is vanquished! Heaven is won to-day!"
Lo! The dead is living, God forevermore,
Him, their true Creator, all His works adore;

Refrain:
"Welcome, happy morning!" age to age shall say"
"Hell today is vanquished! Heaven is won today!"

Earth her joy confesses, clothing her for spring,
All fresh gifts returned with her returning King:
Bloom in every meadow, leaves on every bough,
Speak His sorrows ended, hail His triumph now:

Maker and Redeemer, life and health to all,
Thou from heaven beholding human nature's fall,
Of th'eteranl Father true and only Son,
Manhood to deliver, manhood didst put on:

Thou, of life the author, death didst undergo,
Tread the path of darkness, saving strength to show;
Come then, True and Faithful, now fulfill Thy word;
'Tis Thine own third morning; rise, O buried Lord!

214 I KNOW THAT MY REDEEMER LIVES

I know that my Redeemer lives
And ever prays for me;
A token of His love He gives,
A pledge of liberty.

I find Him lifting up my head;
He brings salvation near;
His presence makes me free indeed,
And he will soon appear.

He wills that I should holy be:
Who can withstand His will?
The counsel of His grace in me
He surely shall fulfill.

Jesus, I hang upon Thy Word:
I steadfastly believe
Thou wilt return and claim me, Lord,
And to Thyself receive.

215 I KNOW THAT MY REDEEMER LIVETH

I know that my Redeemer liveth,
And on the earth again shall stand;
I know eternal life He giveth,
That grace and pow'r are in His hand.

Chorus:
I know, I know that Jesus liveth,
And on the earth again shall stand;
I know, I know that life He giveth,
That grace and pow'r are in His hand.

I know His promise never faileth -
The word He speaks, it cannot die;
Tho cruel death my flesh assaileth,
Yet I shall see him by and by.

I know my mansion He prepareth,
That where He is there I may be;
O wondrous tho't - for me He careth,
And He at last will come to me.

216 JESUS SHALL REIGN

Jesus shall reign where'er the sun
Does his successive journeys run,
His kingdom spread from shore to shore
Till moons shall wax and wane no more.

From north to south the princes meet
To pay their homage at His feet,
While western empires own their Lord
And savage tribes attend His word.

To Him shall endless prayer be made
And endless praises crown His head;
His name like sweet perfume shall rise
With every morning sacrifice.

People and realms of ev'ry tongue
Dwell on His love with sweetest song,
And infant voices shall proclaim
Their early blessings on His name.

217 REJOICE - THE LORD IS KING!

Rejoice - the Lord is King!
Your Lord and King adore!
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing
And triumph evermore:
Lift up your heart; lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

Jesus, the Savior reigns,
The God of truth and love;
When He had purged our stains
He took his seat above:
Lift up your heart; lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

His kingdom cannot fail -
He rules o'er earth and heav'n;
The keys of death and hell
Are to our Jesus giv'n:
Lift up your heart; lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

Rejoice in glorious hope!
Our Lord the Judge shall come
And take His servants up
To their eternal home:
Lift up your heart; lift up your voice!
Rejoice, again I say, rejoice!

218 SEE THE CON-Q'ROR MOUNTS IN TRIUMPH

See the Conq'ror mounts in triumph,
See the King in royal state -
Riding on the clouds His chariot
To His heav'nly palace gate;
Hark! the choir of angel voices
Joyful hallelujahs sing,
And the portals high are lifted
To receive their heav'nly King.

Who is this that comes in glory,
With the trump of jubilee?
Lord of battles, God of armies,
He hath gained the victory;
He Who on the Cross did suffer,
He Who from the grave arose,
He has vanquished sin and Satan;
He by death has spoiled His foes.

He has raised our human nature
In the clouds to God's right hand:
There we sit in heav'nly places,
There with Him in glory stand.
Jesus reigns, adored by angels;
Man with God is on the throne;
Mighty Lord, in Thine Ascension,
We by faith behold our own.

219 THERE'LL BE NO DARK VALLEY

There'll be no dark valley when Jesus comes,
There'll be no dark valley when Jesus comes;
There'll be no dark valley when Jesus comes
To gather His loved ones home.

Refrain:
To gather His loved ones home,
To gather His loved ones home;
There'll be no dark valley when Jesus comes
To gather His loved ones home.

There'll be no more sorrow when Jesus comes,
There'll be no more sorrow when Jesus comes;
But a glorious morrow when Jesus comes
To gather His loved ones home.

There'll be no more weeping when Jesus comes,
There'll be no more weeping when Jesus comes;
But a blessed reaping when Jesus comes
To gather His loved ones home.

There'll be songs of greeting when Jesus comes,
There'll be songs of greeting when Jesus comes;
And a joyful meeting when Jesus comes
To gather His loved ones home.

220 WILL JESUS FIND US WATCHING?

When Jesus comes to reward his servants,
Whether it be noon or night,
Faithful to Him will he find us watching,
With our lamps all trimmed and bright?

Chorus:
O can we say we are ready, brother?
Ready for the soul's bright home?
Say will he find you and me still watching,
Waiting, waiting when the Lord shall come?

If at the dawn of the early morning
He shall call us one by one,
When to the Lord we restore our talents,
Will he answer thee - "Well done?"

Have we been true to the trust He left us?
Do we seek to do our best?
If in our hearts there is naught condemn us,
We shall have a glorious rest.

Blessed are those whom the Lord finds watching,
In His glory they shall share;
If He shall come at the dawn or midnight,
Will He find us watching there?

221 WHEN WE SEE CHRIST

Oft-times the day seems long, our trials hard to bear,
We're tempted to complain, to murmur and despair;
But Christ will soon appear to catch His Bride away,
All tears forever over in God's eternal day.

It will be worth it all when we see Jesus,
Life's trials will seem so small when we see Christ;
One glimpse of His dear face all sorrow will erase,
So bravely run the race till we see Christ.

Sometimes the sky looks dark with not a ray of light,
We're tossed and driven on, no human help in sight;
But there is one in heav'n who knows our deepest care,
Let Jesus solve your problem - just go to Him in pray'r.

Life's day will soon be o'er, all storms forever past,
We'll cross the great divide to glory safe at last;
We'll share the joys of heav'n - a harp, a home, a crown,
The tempter will be banished, we'll lay our burden down.

222 WHEN HE COMETH

When He cometh, when He cometh
To make up His jewels,
All His jewels, precious jewels,
His loved and His own:

Refrain:
Like the stars of the morning,
His bright crown adorning,
They shall shine in their beauty -
Bright gems for His crown.

He will gather, He will gather
The gems for His kingdom,
All the pure ones, all the bright ones,
His loved and His own:

Little children, little children
Who love their Redeemer
Are the jewels, precious jewels,
His loved and His own.

223 WHAT IF IT WERE TODAY ?

Jesus is coming to earth again -
What if it were today?
Coming in power and love to reign -
What if it were today?
Coming to claim His chosen Bride,
All the redeemed and purified,
Over this whole earth scattered wide -
What if it were today?

Chorus:
Glory, glory!
Joy to my heart 'twill bring;
Glory, glory!
When we shall crown Him King.
Glory, glory!
Haste to prepare the way -
Glory, glory!
Jesus will come someday.

Satan's dominion will then be o'er -
O that it were today!
Sorrow and sighing shall be no more -
O that it were today!
Then shall the dead in Christ arise,
Caught up to meet Him in the skies;
When shall these glories meet our eyes?
What if it were today?[Chorus]

Faithful and true would He find us here
If He should come today?
Watching in gladness and not in fear,
If He should come today?
Signs of His coming multiply,
Morning light breaks in eastern sky;
Watch, for the time is drawing nigh -
What if it were today?

224 FOR GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD

225 CHRIST RETURNETH!

It may be at morn, when the day is awaking,
When sunlight thru darkness and shadow is breaking,
That Jesus will come in the fullness of glory,
To receive from the world His own.

Chorus:
O Lord Jesus, how long, how long
Ere we shout the glad song -
Christ returneth! Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! Amen. Hallelujah! Amen.

It may be at midday, it may be at twilight,
It may be, perchance, that the blackness of midnight
Will burst into light in the blaze of His glory,
When Jesus receives His own.

While its hosts cry Hosanna, from heaven descending,
With glorified saints and the angels attending,
With grace on His brow, like a halo of glory,
Will Jesus receive His own.

O joy! O delight! should we go without dying,
No sickness, no sadness, no dread and no crying.
Caught up thru the clouds with our Lord into glory,
When Jesus receives His own.

226 THE LORD IS KING!

The Lord is King! lift up your voice!
O earth, and all the heav'ns rejoice!
From world to world the joy shall ring,
"The Lord omnipotent is King!"

The Lord is King! who then shall dare
Resist His will, distrust His care,
Pr murmur at Jis wise decrees,
or doubt Jis royal promises?

The Lord is King! child of the dust,
The Judge of all the earth is just;
Holy and true are all hHis ways;
Let ev'ry creature speak His praise.

He reigns! ye saints, exalt our strains;
Your God is King, your Father rigns;
And He is at the Father's side,
The Man of Love, the crucified.

One Lord, one empire, all secures;
He reigns, and life and death are yours;
Through earth and heaven one song shall ring,
"The Lord omnipotent is King!"

227 UNTIL THEN O GLORIOUS DAY

228 JESUS IS COMING AGAIN

229 THY KINGDOM COME, O GOD

Thy Kingdom come, O God;
Thy rule, O Christ, begin;
Break with Thine iron rod,
Thy tyrannies of sin.

Where is Thy reign of peace
And purity and love?
When shall all hatred cease,
As in the realms above?

When comes the promised time
That war shall be no more,
And lust, oppression, crime,
Shall flee Thy face before?

We pray Thee, Lord, arise,
And come in Thy great might;
Revive our longing eyes,
Which languish for Thy sight.

Men scorn Thy sacred name,
And wolves devour Thy fold;
By many deeds of shame,
We learn that love grows cold.

O'er heathen lands afar,
Thick darkness broodeth yet;
Arise O Morning Star
Arise and never set.

Amen.

230 WHAT A GATHERING!

On that bright and golden morning, when the Son of Man shall come,
And the radiance of His glory we shall see,
When from ev'ry clime and nation He shall call His people home,
What a gath'ring of the ransomed that will be!

Chorus:
What a gath'ring, what a gath'ring,
What a gath'ring of the ransomed in the summer land of love!
What a gath'ring, what a gath'ring,
Of the ransomed in that happy home above!

When the blest, who sleep in Jesus, at His bidding shall arise
From the silence of the grave, and from the sea,
And with bodies all celestial they shall meet Him in the skies,
What a gath'ring and rejoicing there will be!

When our eyes behold the city, with its many mansions bright,
And its river, calm and restful, flowing free,
When the friends that death hath parted shall in bliss again unite,
What a gath'ring and a greeting there will be!

O the King is surely coming, and the time is drawing nigh
When the blessed day of promise we shall see;
Then the changing "in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye,"
And forever in His presence we shall be.

231 COME, HOLY SPIRIT, HEAVENLY DOVE

Come, Holy Spirit, heav'nly Dove,
With all Thy quick'ning pow'rs;
Kindle a flame of sacred love
In these cold hearts of ours.

Look how we grovel here below,
Fond of these trifling toys;
Our souls, how heavily they go,
To reach eternal joys.

In vain we tune our formal songs,
In vain we strive to rise;
Hosannas languish on our tongues,
And our devotion dies.

Dear Lord, and shall we ever live
At this poor dying rate?
Our love so faint, so cold to Thee,
And Thine to us so great!

Come, Holy Spirit, heav'nly Dove,
With all Thy quick'ning powe's;
Come, shed abroad a Savior's love,
And that shall kindle ours.

232 HOLY SPIRIT, FAITHFUL GUIDE

Holy Spirit, faithful Guide,
Ever near the Christian's side
Gently lead us by the hand,
Pilgrims in a desert land;
Weary souls fore'er rejoice,
While they hear that sweetest voice,
Whisp'ring softly, "Wand'rer, come!
Follow Me, I'll guide thee home."

Ever present, truest Friend,
Ever near Thine aid to lend,
Leave us not to doubt and fear,
Groping on in darkness drear;
When the storms are raging sore,
Hearts grow faint, and hopes give o'er,
Whisper softly, "Wanderer, come,
Follow Me, I'll guide thee home."

When our days of toil shall cease,
Waiting still for sweet release,
Nothing left but heav'n and prayer,
Knowing that our names are there,
Wading deep the dismal flood,
Pleading naught but Jesus' blood,
Whisper softly, "Wanderer, come,
Follow Me, I'll guide thee home."

233 O BREATH OF LIFE

O Breath of Life, come sweeping thru us,
Revive Thy church with life and pow'r;
O Breath of life, come, cleanse, renew us,
And fit Thy Church to meet this hour.

O Wind of God, come bend us, break us,
Till humbly we confess our need;
Then in Thy tenderness remake us,
Revive, restore - for this we plead.

O Breath of love, come breathe within us,
Renewing tho't and will and heart;
Come, Love of Christ, afresh to win us,
Revive Thy Church in ev'ry part.

O Heart of Christ, once broken for us,
'Tis there we find our strength and rest;
Our broken contrite hearts now solace,
And let Thy waiting Church be blest.

Revive us, Lord! Is zeal abating
While harvest fields are vast and white?
Revive us, Lord - the world is waiting!
Equip Thy Church to spread the light.

234 SPIRIT OF GOD, DESCEND UPON MY HEART

Spirit of God, descend upon my heart:
Wean it from earth, through all its pulses move.
Stoop to my weakness, mighty as Thou art,
And make me love Thee as I ought to love.

Hast Thou not bid us love Thee, God and King?
All, all Thine own - soul, heart and strength and mind.
I see the cross - there teach my heart to cling;
O let me seek Thee, and O let me find.

Teach me to feel that Thou art always nigh;
Teach me the struggles of the soul to bear -
To check the rising doubt, the rebel sigh;
Teach me the patience of unanswered prayer.

Teach me to love Thee as Thine angels love,
One holy passion filling all my frame:
The baptism of the heav'n-descended Dove -
My heart an altar and Thy love the flame.

235 PENTECOSTAL POWER

Lord, as of old at Pentecost
Thou didst Thy power display,
With cleansing, purifying flame,
Descend on us today.

Chorus:
Lord, send the old-time power, The Pentecostal power!
Thy floodgates of blessing on us throw open wide!
Lord send the old-time power. the Pentecostal power.
That sinners be converted and Thy name glorified!

For mighty works for Thee, prepare
And strengthen every heart;
Come, take possession of Thine own,
And nevermore depart.

All self consume, all sin destroy!
With earnest zeal endue
Each waiting heart to work for Thee;
O Lord, our faith renew!

Speak, Lord, before Thy throne we wait,
Thy promise we believe,
And will not let Thee go until
The blessing we receive.

236 REVIVE THY WORK, O LORD

Revive Thy work, O Lord:
Thy mighty arm make bare;
Speak with the voice that wakes the dead,
And make Thy people hear!

Chorus:
Revive Thy work, O Lord!
While here to Thee we bow;
Descend, O gracious Lord, descend.
O come and bless us now.

Revive Thy work, O Lord:
Dispel this sleep of death;
Revive the slumb'ring members now
By Thy Almighty breath!

Revive Thy work, O Lord:
Create soul thirst for Thee;
And hung'ring for the Bread of Life,
O may our spirits be!

Revive Thy work, O Lord:
O fill Thy church with pwo'r;
With cloven tongues on us descend.
Equip us for this hour!

237 REVIVE US AGAIN

We praise Thee, O God! for the Son of Thy love,
For Jesus who died, and is now gone above.

Chorus:
Hallelujah, Thine the glory!
Hallelujah, amen!
Hallelujah, Thine the glory!
Revive us again.

We praise Thee, O God! for Thy Spirit of light,
Who has shown us our Savior and scattered our night.

All glory and praise to the Lamb that was slain,
Who has borne all our sins and hath cleansed ev'ry stain.

Revive us again - fill each heart with Thy love;
May each soul be rekindled with fire from above.[Chorus]

238 SPIRIT OF THE LIVING GOD

239 COME, GRACIOUS SPIRIT, HEAVENLY DOVE

Come, gracious Spirit, heavenly Dove,
With light and comfort from above;
Be thou our guardian, thou our guide;
O'er every thought and step preside.

The light of truth to us display
And make us know and choose thy way:
Plant holy fear in every heart,
That we from Thee may ne'er depart.

Lead us to Christ, the living Way,
Nor let us from his pastures stray;
Lead us to holiness, the road
That we must take to dwell with God.

Lead us to heaven, that we may share
Fulness of joy for ever there;
Lead us to God, our final rest,
To be with him for ever blest.

240 BREATHE ON ME, BREATH OF GOD

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Fill me with life anew,
That I may love what Thou dost love,
And do what Thou wouldst do.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Until my heart is pure,
Until with Thee I will one will -
To do and to endure.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Till I am wholly Thine,
Till all this earthly part of me
Glows with Thy fire divine.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
So shall I never die;
But live with Thee the perfect life
Of Thine eternity.

241 HOLY GHOST, WITH LIGHT DIVINE

Holy Ghost, with light divine,
Shine upon this heart of mine;
Chase the shades of night away,
Turn my darkness into day.

Holy Ghost, with pow'r divine,
Cleanse this guilty heart of mine;
Long has sin, without control
Held dominion o'er my soul.

Holy Ghost, with joy divine,
Cheer this sadden'd heart of mine;
Bid my many woes depart,
Heal my wounded, bleeding heart.

Holy Spirit, all divine,
Dwell within this heart of mine;
Cast down ev'ry idol throne,
Reign supreme, and reign alone.

242 BLESSED QUIETNESS

Joys are flowing like a river
Since the Comforter has come;
He abides with us forever,
Makes the trusting heart His home.

Chorus:
Blessed quietness, holy quietness -
What assurance in my soul!
On the stormy sea He speaks peace to me -
How the billows cease to roll!

Bringing life and health and gladness
All around, this heav'nly Guest,
Banished unbelief and sadness,
Chang'd our weariness to rest.

Like the rain that falls from heaven,
Like the sunlight from the sky,
So the Holy Ghost is given,
Coming to us from on high.

See, a fruitful field is growing,
Blessed fruit of righteousness,
And the streams of life are flowing
In the lonely wilderness.

What a wonderful salvation,
Where we always see His face!
What a peaceful habitation,
What a quiet resting place.

243 THE COMFORTER HAS COME

O spread the tidings 'round, wherever man is found,
Wherever human hearts and human woes abound;
Let ev'ry Christian tongue proclaim the joyful sound:
The Comforter has come!

Chorus:
The Comforter has come, the Comforter has come!
The Holy Ghost from heav'n - the Father's promise giv'n;
O spread the tidings 'round, wherever man is found -
The Comforter has come!

The long, long night is past, the morning breaks at last,
And hushed the dreadful wait and fury of the blast,
As o'er the golden hills the day advances fast!
The Comforter has come!

Lo, the great King of kings, with healing in His wings,
To ev'ry captive soul a full deliv'rance brings;
And thru the vacant cells the song of triumph rings;
The Comforter has come!

O boundless love divine! How shall this tongue of mine
To wond'ring mortals tell the matchless grace divine -
That I, a child of hell, should in His image shine!
The Comforter has come!

244 FILL ME NOW

Hover o'er me Holy Spirit,
Bathe my trembling heart and brow;
Fill me with Thy hallow'd presence,
Come, O come and fill me now.

Chorus:
Fill me now, fill me now,
Jesus come and fill me now;
Fill me with Thy hallow,d presence -
Come, O come and fill me now.

Thou canst fill me, gracious Spirit,
Tho I cannot tell Thee how;
But I need Thee, greatly need Thee,
Come, O come and fill me now.

I am weakness, full of weakness,
At Thy sacred feet I bow;
Blest, divine, eternal Spirit,
Fill with pow'r and fill me now.

Cleanse and comfort, bless and save me,
Bathe, O bathe my heart and brow;
Thou art comforting and saving,
Thou art sweetly filling now.

245 CHANNELS ONLY

How I praise Thee, precious Savior,
That Thy love laid hold of me;
Thou hast saved and cleansed and filled me
That I might Thy channel be.

Chorus:
Channels only, blessed Master -
But with all Thy wondrous pow'r
Flowing thru us, Thou canst use us
Ev'ry day and ev'ry hour.

Emptied that Thou shouldest fill me,
A clean vessel in Thy hand,
With no pow'r but as Thou givest
Graciously with each command.

Witnessing Thy pow'r to save me,
Setting free from self and sin,
Thou who boughtest to possess me,
In Thy fullness, Lord, come in.

Jesus, fill now with Thy Spirit
Hearts that full surrender know,
That the streams of living water
From our inner man may flow.

246 OPEN MY EYES, THAT I MAY SEE

Open my eyes, that I may see
Glimpses of truth Thou hast for me;
Place in my hands the wonderful key
That shall unclasp and set me free.
Silently now I wait for Thee,
Ready, my God, Thy will to see;
Open my eyes - illumine me, Spirit divine!

Open my ears, that I may hear
Voices of truth Thou sendest clear;
And while the wave-notes fall on my ear,
Ev'rything false will disappear.
Silently now I wait for Thee,
Ready, my God, Thy will to see;
Open my ears - illumine me, Spirit divine!

Open my mouth and let me bear
Gladly the warm truth ev'rywhere;
Open my heart and let me prepare
Love with Thy children thus to share.
Silently now I wait for Thee,
Ready, my God, Thy will to see;
Open my heart - illumine me, Spirit divine!

247 CLEANSE ME

Search me, O God, and know my heart today;
Try me, O Savior, know my thoughts, I pray.
See if there be some wicked way in me;
Cleanse me from ev'ry sin and set me free.

I praise Thee, Lord, for cleansing me from sin;
Fulfill Thy Word and make me pure within;
Fill me with fire where once I burned with shame;
Grant my desire to magnify Thy name.

Lord, take my life, and make it wholly Thine;
Fill my poor heart with Thy great love divine;
Take all my will, my passion, self and pride;
I now surrender: Lord - in me abide.

O Holy Ghost, revival comes from Thee;
Send a revival - start the work in me.
Thy Word declares Thou wilt supply our need;
For blessing now, O Lord, I humbly plead.

248 FILL ME BREATH OF GOD

249 EVEN ME

Lord, I hear of show'rs of blessings
Thou art scatt'ring full and free;
Show'rs the thirsty land refreshing -
Let some drops now fall on me.

Refrain:
Even me, even me,
Let Thy blessings fall on me.

Pass me not, O tender Savior!
Let me love and cling to Thee;
I am longing for Thy favor -
Whilst Thou'rt calling, O call me.

Pass me not, O mighty Spirit!
Thou canst make the blind to see;
Witnesser of Jesus' merit,
Speak the word of pow'r to me.

Love of God so pure and changeless,
Blood of Christ so rich, so free,
Grace of God so strong and boundless;
Magnify them all in me.

Pass me not! Thy lost one bringing,
Bind my heart, O Lord, to Thee;
While the streams of life are springing,
Blessing others, O bless me.

250 THE BOOK OF BOOKS

251 THY WORD IS LIKE A GARDEN, LORD

Thy Word is like a garden, Lord,
With flowers bright and fair;
And ev'ry one who seeks may pluck
A lovely cluster there.
Thy Word is like a deep, deep mine,
And jewels rich and rare
Are hidden in the mighty depths
For ev'ry searcher there.

Thy Word is like a starry host -
A thousand rays of light
Are seen to guide the traveler,
And make his pathway bright.
Thy Word is like an armory,
Where soldiers may repair,
And find, for life's long battle-day,
All needful weapons there.

O may I love Thy precious Word,
May I explore the mine;
May I its fragrant flowers glean,
May light upon me shine.
O may I find my armor there,
Thy Word my trusty sword!
I'll learn to fight with ev'ry foe
The battle of the Lord!

252 THE OLD BOOK AND THE OLD FAITH

'Mid the storms of doubt and unbelief, we fear,
Stands a Book eternal that the saints hold dear;
Thru the restless ages it remains the same--
'Tis the Book of God, and the Bible is its name!

Chorus:
The old Book and the old Faith
Are the Rock on which I stand!
The old Book and the old Faith
Are the bulwark of the land!
Thru storm and stress they stand the test,
In ev'ry clime and nation blest;
The old Book and the old Faith
Are the hope of ev'ry Land!

'Tis the Book that tells us of the Father's love,
When He sent His Son to us from heav'n above,
Who by richest promise creates hope within,
For 'tis thru His blood we are saved from ev'ry sin!

'Tis the Book that tells us of the will of God
And the Savior's teachings while the earth He trod--
How He soothed earth's sorrows and relieved its woe,
Thru whom strength is given to conquer every foe!

'Tis the Book that tells us of eternal life,
After faithful service in a world of strife,
And this glorious triumph over death's dark fears
Is the world's best gift in an age of countless tears!

Grand Chorus at Close (May be omitted):
O the grand old Book and the dear old Faith
Are the Rock on which I stand!
O the grand old Book and the dear old Faith
Are the hope of ev'ry land!

253 STANDING ON THE PROMISES

Standing on the promises of Christ, my King,
Thru eternal ages let His praises ring;
Glory in the highest I will shout and sing,
Standing on the promises of God.

Chorus:
Standing, standing,
Standing on the promises of God,my Savior;
Standing, standing,
I'm standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises that cannot fail,
When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,
By the living word of God I shall prevail,
Standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,
Bound to him eternally by love's strong cord,
Overcoming daily with the Spirit's sword,
Standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises I cannot fall,
List'ning ev'ry moment to the Spirit's call,
Resting in my Savior as my all in all,
Standing on the promises of God.

254 BREAK THOU THE BREAD OF LIFE

Break Thou the bread of life,
Dear Lord, to me,
As Thou didst break the loaves
Beside the sea;
Beyond the sacred page
I seek Thee, Lord;
My spirit pants for Thee,
O living Word!

Bless Thou the truth, dear Lord,
To me - to me,
As Thou didst bless the bread
By Galilee;
Then shall all bondage cease,
All fetters fall,
And I shall find my peace,
My All in all.

Thou art the bread of life,
O Lord, to me;
Thy holy Word the truth
That saveth me:
Give me to eat and live
With Thee above;
Teach me to love Thy truth,
For Thou art love.

O send Thy Spirit Lord,
Now unto me,
That He may touch my eyes
And make me see:
Show me the truth concealed
within Thy word,
And in Thy book revealed
I see the Lord.

255 THY WORD HAVE I HID IN MY HEART

Thy Word is a lamp to my feet,
A light to my path alway,
To guide and to save me from sin
And show me the heav'nly way.

Thy Word have I hid in my heart,
That I might not sin against Thee;
That I might not sin, that I might not sin,
Thy Word have I hid in my heart.

Forever, O Lord, is Thy Word
Established and fixed on high;
Thy faithfulness unto all men
Abideth forever nigh.

At morning, at noon, and at night
I ever will give Thee praise;
For Thou art my portion, O Lord,
And shall be through all my days!

Thru Him whom Thy Word hath foretold,
The Savior and Morning Star,
Salvation and peace have been brought
To those who have strayed afar.

256 THE BIBLE STANDS

The Bible stands like a rock undaunted
Its pages burn with the truth eternal,
And they glow with a light sublime.

The Bible stands tho the hills may tumble,
It will firmly stand when the earth shall crumble;
I will plant my feet on its firm foundation,
For the Bible stands.

The Bible stands like a mountain tow'ring
Far above the works of men;
Its truth by none ever was refuted,
And destroy it they never can.

The Bible stands and it will forever,
When the world has passed away;
By inspiration it has been given -
All its precepts I will obey.

The Bible stands ev'ry test we give it
For its Author is divine;
By grace alone I expect to live it
And to prove and to make it mine.

257 HOLY BIBLE, BOOK DIVINE

Holy Bible! book divine,
Priceless treasure, thou art mine;
Mine to tell whence I came,
Mine to teach me what I am;

Mine to chide me when I rove;
Mine to show a Savior's love;
Mine thou art to guide and guard,
Mine, to punish or reward;

Mine to comfort in distress -
Suff'ring in this wilderness;
Mine to show, by living faith,
Man can triumph over death.

Mine to tell of joys to come,
And the rebel sinner's doom:
O thou holy Book divine,
Priceless treasure, thou art mine.

258 LORD, THY WORD ABIDETH

Lord, thy word abideth,
And our footsteps guideth;
Who its truth believeth
Light and joy receiveth.

When our foes are near us,
Then thy word doth cheer us,
Word of consolation,
Message of salvation.

When the storms are oer us,
And dark clouds before us,
Then its light directeth,
And our way protecteth.

Who can tell the pleasure,
Who recount the treasure,
By thy word imparted
To the simple-hearted?

Word of mercy, giving
Succor to the living;
Word of life, supplying
Comfort to the dying!

O, that we, discerning
Its most holy learning,
Lord, may love and fear thee,
Evermore be near thee!

Amen.

259 LAMP OF OUR FEET

Lamp of our feet, whereby we trace
Our path when wont to stray;
Stream, from the fount of heav'nly grace;
Brook, by the trav'ler's way:

Bread of our souls whereon we feed;
True manna from on high;
One guide and chart, wherein we read
Of realms beyond the sky.

Pillar of fire, through watches dark,
And radiant cloud by day:
When waves would whelm our tossing bark,
Our anchor and our stay.

Word of the everlasting God,
Will of His glorious Son,
Without thee how could earth be trod,
Or heaven itself be won?

Yet to unfold thy hidden worth,
Thy mysteries to reveal,
That Spirit Which first gave thee forth,
Thy volume must unseal.

Lord, grant that we aright may learn
The wisdom it imparts,
And to its heavenly teaching turn
With simple, childlike hearts.

260 THE CHURCH'S ONE FOUNDATION

The Church's one foundation
Is Jesus Christ her Lord;
She is His new creation
By water and the Word:
From heav'n He came and sought her
To be His holy bride;
With His own blood he bought her,
And for her life He died.

Elect from ev'ry nation,
Yet one o'er all the earth,
Her charter of salvation
One Lord, one faith, one birth;
One holy name she blesses,
Partakes one holy food,
And to one hope she presses,
With ev'ry grace endued.

'Mid toil and tribulation,
And tumult of her war,
She waits the consummation
Of peace forevermore;
Till with the vision glorious
Her longing eyes are blest,
And the great Church victorious
Shall be the Church at rest.

Yet she on earth hath union
With God the Three in One,
And mystic sweet communion
With those whose rest is won:
O happy ones and holy!
Lord, give us grace that we,
Like them, the meek and lowly,
On high may dwell with Thee.

261 BLEST BE THE TIE THAT BINDS

Blest be the tie that binds
Our hearts in Christian love!
The fellowship of kindred minds,
Is like to that above.

Before our Father's throne
We pour our ardent prayers;
Our fears, our hopes, our aims are one,
Our comforts and our cares.

We share our mutual woes;
Our mutual burdens bear;
And often for each other flows
The sympathizing tear.

When we asunder part,
It gives us inward pain;
But we shall still be joined in heart,
And hope to meet again.

262 I LOVE THY KINGDOM, LORD!

I love Thy kingdom, Lord,
The house of Thine abode,
The Church our blest Redeemer saved
With His own precious blood.

I love Thy Church, O God!
Her walls before Thee stand,
Dear as the apple of Thine eye,
And graven on Thy hand.

For her my tears shall fall,
For her my prayers ascend -
To her my cares and toils be giv'n,
Till toils and cares shall end.

Beyond my highest joy
I prize her heav'nly ways -
Her sweet communion, solemn vows,
Her hymns of love and praise.

Sure as Thy truth shall last,
To Zion shall be giv'n
The brightest glories earth can yield,
And brighter bliss of heav'n.

263 GLORIOUS THINGS OF THEE ARE SPOKEN

Glorious things of thee are spoken,
Zion, city of our God;
He whose word cannot be broken
Formed thee for His own abode:
On the Rock of Ages founded,
What can shake thy sure repose?
With salvation's walls surrounded,
Thou mayst smile at all thy foes.

See, the streams of living waters,
Springing from eternal love,
Well supply thy sons and daughters,
And all fear of want remove:
Who can faint, when such a river
Ever flows thy thirst to asswage?
Grace which, like the Lord, the Giver,
Never fails from age to age.

Round each habitation hov'ring,
See the clouds and fire appear;
For a glory and a cov'ring,
Showing that the Lord is near!
Glorious things of Thee are spoken,
Zion, city of our God;
He whose word cannot be broken
Formed thee for His own abode:

264 I AM COMING TO THE CROSS

I am coming to the cross;
I am poor, and weak, and blind;
I am counting all but dross;
I shall full salvation find.

Long my heart has sighed for Thee;
Long has evil reigned within;
Jesus sweetly speaks to me,
"I will cleanse you from all sin."

Here I give my all to Thee -
Friends, and time, and earthly store;
Soul and body Thine to be,
Wholly Thine for evermore.

Jesus comes! He fills my soul!
Perfected in Him I am;
I am every whit made whole -
Glory, glory to the Lamb!

265 JUST AS I AM, WITHOUT ONE PLEA

Just as I am, without one plea,
But that Thy Blood was shed for me,
And that Thou bidd'st me come to Thee,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, and waiting not
To rid my soul of one dark blot,
To Thee, whose blood can cleanse each spot,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, though tossed about
With many a conflict, many a doubt,
Fightings and fears within, without,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, poor, wretched, blind;
Sight, riches, healing of the mind,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am! thou wilt receive,
Wilt welcome, pardon, cleanse, relieve;
Because Thy promise I believe;
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

266 I AM COMING, LORD

I hear thy welcome voice,
That calls me, Lord, to Thee
For cleansing in Thy precious blood,
That flowed on Calvary.

Chorus:
I am coming, Lord!
Coming now to Thee!
Wash me, cleanse me in the blood
That flowed on Calvary!

Tho coming weak and vile,
Thou dost my strength assure;
Thou dost my vileness fully cleanse,
Till spotless all, and pure.

'Tis Jesus calls me on
To perfect faith and love,
To perfect hope and peace and trust,
For earth and heav'n above.

267 ONLY TRUST HIM

Come, ev'ry soul by sin oppressed -
There's a mercy with the Lord,
And He will surely give you rest
By trusting in His word.

Chorus:
Only trust Him, only trust Him,
Only trust Him now;
He will save you, He will save you,
He will save you now.

For Jesus shed His precious blood,
Rich blessings to bestow;
Plunge now into the crimson flood
That washes white as snow.

Yes, Jesus is the Truth, the Way,
That leads you into rest;
Believe in Him without delay
And you are fully blest.

268 LORD, I'M COMING HOME

I've wandered far away from God -
Now I'm coming home;
The paths of sin too long I've trod -
Lord, I'm coming home.

Chorus:
Coming home, coming home,
Nevermore to roam'
Open wide Thine arms of love -
Lord, I'm coming home.

I've wasted many precious years -
Now I'm coming home;
I now repent with bitter tears -
Lord, I'm coming home.

I'm tired of sin and straying, Lord -
Now I'm coming home;
I'll trust Thy love, believe Thy word -
Lord, I'm coming home.

My soul is sick, my heart is sore -
Now I'm coming home;
My strength renew, my hope restore -
Lord, I'm coming home.

269 COME TO THE SAVIOR

Come to the Savior, make no delay -
Here in His Word He's shown us the way;
Here in our midst He's standing today,
Tenderly saying, "Come!"

Chorus:
Joyful, joyful will the meeting be,
When from sin our hearts are pure and free,
And we shall gather, Savior, with Thee,
In our eternal home.

"Suffer the children!" O hear His voice,
Let ev'ry heart leap forth and rejoice,
And let us freely make Him our choice:
Do not delay, but come.

Think once again, He's with us today -
Heed now His blest commands, and obey;
Hear now His accents tenderly say,
"Will you, my children, come?

270 JESUS IS CALLING

Jesus is tenderly calling thee home -
Calling today, calling today;
Why from the sunshine of love wilt thou roam
Farther and farther away?

Refrain:
Calling today,
Calling today;
Jesus is calling,
Is tenderly calling today.

Jesus is calling the weary to rest -
Calling today, calling today;
Bring Him thy burden and thou shalt be blest -
He will not turn thee away.

Jesus is waiting; O come to Him now -
Waiting today, waiting today;
Come with thy sins; at His feet lowly bow -
Come and no longer delay.

Jesus is pleading, O list to His voice -
Hear Him today, hear Him today;
They who believe on His name shall rejoice -
Quickly arise and away.

271 SOFTLY AND TENDERLY

Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling,
Calling for you and for me;
See, on the portals he's waiting and watching,
Watching for you and for me.

Chorus:
Come home, come home,
Ye who are weary, come home;
Earnestly, tenderly Jesus is calling -
Calling, "O sinner, come home!"

Why should we tarry when Jesus is pleading,
Pleading for you and for me?
Why should we linger and heed not his mercies,
Mercies for you and for me?

Time is now fleeting, the moments are passing,
Passing from you and from me;
Shadows are gathering, deathbeds are coming,
Coming for you and for me.

O for the wonderful love he has promised,
Promised for you and for me;
Tho we have sinned He has mercy and pardon,
Pardon for you and for me.

272 LET JESUS COME INTO YOUR HEART

If you are tired of the load of your sin,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If you desire a new life to begin,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

Chorus:
Just now, your doubtings give o'er;
Just now, reject Him no more;
Just now, throw open the door -
Let Jesus come into your heart.

If 'tis for purity now that you sigh,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
Fountains for cleansing are flowing nearby,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

If there's a tempest your voice cannot still,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If there's a void this world never can fill,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

If you would join the glad songs of the blest,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If you would enter the mansions of rest,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

273 JESUS, I COME

Out of my bondage, sorrow and night,
Jesus, I come, Jesus, I come;
Into Thy freedom, gladness and light,
Jesus, I come to Thee;
Out of my sickness into Thy health,
Out of my want and into Thy wealth,
Out of my sin and into Thyself,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of my shameful failure and loss,
Jesus, I come, Jesus, I come;
Into the glorious gain of Thy cross,
Jesus, I come to Thee;
Out of earth's sorrows into Thy balm,
Out of life's storms and into Thy calm,
Out of distress to jubilant psalm,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of unrest and arrogant pride,
Jesus, I come, Jesus, I come;
Into Thy blessed will to abide,
Jesus, I come to Thee;
Out of myself to dwell in Thy love,
Out of despair into raptures above,
Upward for aye on wings like a dove,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of the fear and dread of the tomb,
Jesus, I come, Jesus, I come;
Into the joy and light of Thy home,
Jesus, I come to Thee;
Out of the depths of ruin untold,
Into the peace of Thy sheltering fold,
Ever Thy glorious face to behold,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

274 SOULS OF MEN, WHY WILL YE SCATTER

Souls of men, why will ye scatter
Like a crowd of frightened sheep?
Foolish hearts, why will ye wander
From a love so true and deep?

Was there ever kinder shepherd
Half so gentle, half so sweet,
As the Saviour Who would have us
Come and gather round His feet?

There's a wideness in God's mercy,
Like the wideness of the sea;
There's a kindness in His justice,
Which is more than liberty.

There is plentiful redemption
In the blood that has been shed;
There is joy for all the members
In the sorrows of the Head.

For the love of God is broader
Than the measure of man's mind.
And the heart of the Eternal
Is most wonderfully kind.

If our love were but more simple,
We should take Him at His word;
And our lives would all be sunshine
In the sweetness of our Lord.

275 OH, WHY NOT TONIGHT?

O do not let the Word depart,
And close thine eyes against the light!
Poor sinner, harden not your heart,
Be saved, oh, tonight!

Chorus:
Oh, why not tonight?
Oh, why not tonight?
Wilt thou be saved?
Then why not tonight?

Tomorrow's sun may never rise
To bless thy long deluded sight.
This is the time, oh, then be wise,
Be saved, oh, tonight!

Our Lord in pity lingers still,
And wilt thou thus His love requite?
Renounce at once thy stubborn will.
Be saved, oh, tonight!

276 HAVE YOU ANY ROOM FOR JESUS?

Have you any room for Jesus,
He who bore your load of sin?
As He knocks and asks admission,
Sinner, will you let Him in?

Chorus:
Room for Jesus, King of glory!
Hasten now, His word obey;
Swing the heart's door widely open,
Bid Him enter while you may.

Room for pleasure, room for business -
But, for Christ the Crucified,
Not a place that He can enter,
In the heart for which He died?

Have you any room for Jesus,
As in grace He calls again?
O today is time accepted,
Tomorrow you may call in vain.

Room and time now give to Jesus,
Soon will pass God's day of grace;
Soon your heart left cold and silent,
And the Savior's pleading cease.

277 BLESSED BE THE FOUNTAIN

Blessed be the Fountain of blood,
To a world of sinners revealed;
Blessed be the dear Son of God -
Only by His stripes we are healed.
Tho I've wandered far from His fold,
Bringing to my heart pain and woe,
Wash me in the blood of the Lamb,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Chorus:
Whiter than the snow,
Whiter than the snow,
Wash me in the blood of the Lamb,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Thorny was the crown that He wore,
And the cross His body o'ercame;
Grievous were the sorrows He bore,
But He suffered thus not in vain.
May I to that Fountain be led,
Made to cleanse my sins here below;
Wash me in the blood that He shed,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Father, I have wandered from Thee,
Often has my heart gone astray;
Crimson do my sins seem to me--
Water cannot wash them away.
Jesus, to the Fountain of Thine,
Leaning on Thy promise, I go;
Cleanse me by Thy washing divine,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

278 LOOK THE THE LAMB OF GOD

If you from sin are longing to be free,
Look to the Lamb of God;
He, to redeem you, died on Calvary,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Chorus:
Look to the Lamb of God,
Look to the Lamb of God,
For He alone is able to save you -
Look to the Lamb of God.

When Satan tempts, and doubts and fears assail,
Look to the Lamb of God;
You, in His strength shall over all prevail,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Are you aweary, does the way seem long?
Look to the Lamb of God;
His love will cheer and fill your heart with song,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Fear not when shadows on your pathway fall,
Look to the Lamb of God;
In joy or sorrow Christ is all in all,
Look to the Lamb of God.

279 YE MUST BE BORN AGAIN

A ruler once came to Jesus by night
To ask Him the way of salvation and light;
The Master made answer in words true and plain,
"Ye must be born again."

Chorus:
"Ye must be born again,
Ye must be born again;
I verily, verily say unto thee,
"Ye must be born again."

Ye children of men, attend to the word
So solemnly uttered by Jesus the Lord;
And let not this message to you be in vain,
"Ye must be born again."

O ye who would enter that glorious rest
And sing with the ransomed the song of the blest,
The life everlasting if ye would obtain,
"Ye must be born again."

A dear one in heaven thy heart yearns to see,
At the beautiful gate may be watching for thee;
Then list to the note of this solemn refrain,
"Ye must be born again."

280 HE IS ABLE TO DELIVER THEE

'Tis the grandest theme thru the ages rung;
'Tis the grandest theme for a mortal tongue;
'Tis the grandest theme that the world e'er sung -
"Our God is able to deliver thee."

Chorus:
He is able to deliver thee,
He is able to deliver thee;
Tho by sin opprest,
Go to Him for rest,
"Our God is able to deliver thee."

'Tis the grandest theme in the earth or main;
'Tis the grandest theme for a mortal strain;
'Tis the grandest theme, tell the world again -
"Our God is able to deliver thee."

'Tis the grandest theme, let the tidings roll
To the guilty heart, to the sinful soul;
Look to God in faith, He will make thee whole -
"Our God is able to deliver thee."

281 THERE IS POWER IN THE BLOOD

Would you be free from the burden of sin?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Would you o'er evil a victory win?
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Chorus:
There is pow'r, pow'r, wonder-working pow'r
In the blood of the Lamb;
There is pow'r, pow'r, wonder-working pow'r
In the precious blood of the Lamb.

Would you be free from your passion and pride?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Come for a cleansing to Calvary's tide -
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Would you be whiter, much whiter, than snow?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Sin-stains are lost in its life-giving flow;
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Would you do service for Jesus your King?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Would you live daily His praises to sing?
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

282 CHRIST RECEIVETH SINFUL MEN

Sinners Jesus will receive:
Sound this word of grace to all
Who the heav'nly pathway leave,
All who linger, all who fall.

Chorus:
Sing it o'er and o'er again:
Christ receiveth sinful men;
Make the message clear and plain:
Christ receiveth sinful men.

Come and He will give you rest;
Trust Him for His word is plain;
He will take the sinfulest;
Christ receiveth sinful men.

Now my heart condemns me not,
Pure before the law I stand;
He who cleansed me from all spot
Satisfied its last demand.

Christ receiveth sinful men,
Even me with all my sin;
Purged from ev'ry spot and stain,
Heav'n with Him I enter in.

283 IN TIMES LIKE THESE

284 TURN YOUR EYES UPON JESUS

O soul, are you weary and troubled?
No light in the darkness you see?
There's light for a look at the Savior,
And life more abundant and free!

Chorus:
Turn your eyes upon Jesus,
Look full in His wonderful face;
And the things of earth will grow strangely dim
In the light of His glory and grace.

Thru death into life everlasting
He passed, and we follow Him there;
Over us sin no more hath dominion -
For more than conqu'rors we are!

His Word shall not fail you - He promised;
Believe Him, and all will be well:
Then go to a world that is dying,
His perfect salvation to tell!

285 WHOSOEVER WILL

"Whosoever heareth,"  -shout, shout the sound!
Spread the blessed tidings all the world around;
Spread the joyful news wherever man is found:
"Whosoever will may come."

Chorus:
"Whosoever will, whosoever will!"
Send the proclamation over vale and hill;
'Tis a loving Father calls the wand'rer home -
"Whosoever will may come."

Whosoever cometh need not delay,
Now the door is open - enter while you may;
Jesus is the true, the only Living Way:
"Whosoever will may come."

"Whosoever will," - the promise is secure,
"Whosoever will," forever must endure;
"Whosoever will," - 'tis life forevermore;
"Whosoever will may come."

286 O HAPPY DAY!

O happy day that fixed my choice
On Thee, my Savior and my God!
Well may this glowing heart rejoice,
And tell its raptures all abroad.

Chorus:
Happy day, happy day,
When Jesus washed my sins away!
He taught me how to watch and pray
And live rejoicing ev'ry day;
Happy day, happy day,
When Jesus washed my sins away!

O happy bond that seals my vows
To Him who merits all my love!
Let cheerful anthems fill His house,
While to that sacred shrine I move.

'Tis done, the great transaction's done -
I am my Lord's, and He is mine;
He drew me, and I followed on,
Charmed to confess the voice divine.

Now rest, my long-divided heart,
Fixed on this blissful center, rest;
Nor ever from my Lord depart,
With Him of ev'ry good possessed.

287 WONDERFUL GRACE OF JESUS

Wonderful grace of Jesus,
Greater than all my sin;
How shall my tongue describe it,
Where shall its praise begin?
Taking away my burden,
Setting my spirit free;
For the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

Chorus:
Wonderful the matchless grace of Jesus,
Deeper than the mighty rolling sea;
Higher than the mountain, sparkling like a fountain,
All sufficient grace for even me;
Broader than the scope of my transgressions,
Greater far than all my sin and shame;
O magnify the precious name of Jesus,
Praise his name!

Wonderful grace of Jesus,
Reaching to all the lost,
By it I have been pardoned,
Saved to the uttermost;
Chains have been torn asunder,
Giving me liberty,
For the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

Wonderful grace of Jesus,
Reaching the most defiled,
By its transforming power
Making him God's dear child,
Purchasing peace and heaven
For all eternity -
And the wonderful grace of Jesus reaches me.

288 ARE YOU WASHED IN THE BLOOD

Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing pow'r?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
Are you fully trusting in His grace this hour?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Chorus:
Are you washed in the blood,
In the soul-cleansing blood of the Lamb?
Are your garments spotless?
Are they white as snow?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Are you walking daily by the Savior's side?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
Do you rest each moment in the Crucified?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

When the Bridegroom cometh will your robes be white?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
Will your soul be ready for the mansions bright
And be washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Lay aside the garments that are stained with sin
And be washed in the blood of the Lamb;
There's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean,
O be washed in the blood of the Lamb?

289 GRACE GREATER THAN OUR SIN

Marvelous grace of our loving Lord,
Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt!
Yonder on Calvary's mount out-poured -
There where the blood of the Lamb was spilt.

Chorus:
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that will pardon and cleanse within;
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that is greater than all our sin!

Sin and despair, like the sea-waves cold,
Threaten the soul with infinite loss;
Grace that is greater - yes, grace untold -
Points to the Refuge, the mighty Cross.

Dark is the stain that we cannot hide,
What can avail to wash it away?
Look! there is flowing a crimson tide -
Whiter than snow you may be today.

Marvelous, infinite, matchless grace,
Freely bestowed on all who believe!
You that are longing to see His face,
Will you this moment His grace receive?

290 HALLELUJAH FOR THE CROSS!

The cross, it standeth fast -
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
Defying ev'ry blast -
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
The winds of hell have blown,
The world its hate hath shown,
Yet it is not overthrown,
Hallelujah for the cross!

Chorus:
Hallelujah, hallelujah,
Hallelujah for the cross!
Hallelujah, hallelujah,
it shall never suffer loss!

It is the old cross still -
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
Its triumph let us tell -
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
The grace of God here shone,
Thru Christ the blessed Son,
Who did for sin atone -
Hallelujah for the cross!

'Twas here the debt was paid -
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
Our sins on Jesus laid -
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
So round the cross we sing
Of Christ our offering,
Of Christ our living King -
Hallelujah for the cross!

291 NOTHING BUT THE BLOOD

What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Refrain:
Oh! precious is the flow
That makes me white as snow;
No other fount I know,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

For my pardon, this I see--
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
For my cleansing, this my plea -
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Nothing can for sin atone--
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
Naught of good that I have done--
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

This is all my hope and peace--
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
This is all my righteousness--
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

292 JESUS, THY BLOOD AND RIGHTEOUSNESS

Jesus, Thy blood and righteousness
My beauty are, my glorious dress;
'Midst flaming worlds, in these arrayed,
With joy shall I lift up my head.

Bold shall I stand in Thy great day,
For who aught to my charge shall lay?
Fully absolved thru these I am
From sin and fear, from guilt and shame.

Lord, I believe Thy precious blood,
Which at the mercy-seat of God
Forever doth for sinners plead,
For me, e'en for my soul was shed.

Lord, I believe were sinners more
Than sands upon the ocean shore,
Thou hast for all a ransom paid,
For all a full atonement made.

When from the dust of death I rise
To claim my mansion in the skies,
This then shall be my only plea:
Jesus hath lived and died for me.

Jesus, be endless praise to Thee,
Whose boundless mercy hath for me,
For me, and all Thy hands have made,
An everlasting ransom paid.

293 BURDENS ARE LIFTED AT CALVARY

294 GRACE! 'TIS A CHARMING SOUND

Grace! 'tis a charming sound,
Harmonious to the ear;
Heav'n with the echo shall resound,
And all the earth shall hear.

Chorus:
Saved by grace alone!
This is all my plea:
Jesus died for all mankind,
And Jesus died for me.

'Twas grace that wrote my name
In life's eternal book;
'Twas grace that gave me to the Lamb,
Who all my sorrows took.

Grace taught my wand'ring feet
To tread the heav'nly road;
And new supplies each hour I meet,
While pressing on to God.

Grace taught my soul to pray,
And made mine eyes o'erflow:
'Twas grace which kept me to this day,
And will not let me go.

O let Thy grace inspire
My soul with strength divine;
May all my pow'rs to Thee aspire,
And all my days be Thine.

295 THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD IS JESUS

The whole world was lost in the darkness of sin -
The Light of the world is Jesus;
Like sunshine at noonday His glory shone in -
The Light of the world is Jesus.

Chorus:
Come to the Light, 'tis shining for thee!
Sweetly the Light has dawned upon me;
Once I was blind, but now I can see -
The Light of the World is Jesus.

No darkness have we who in Jesus abide -
The Light of the world is Jesus;
We walk in the Light when we follow our Guide,
The Light of the world is Jesus.

Ye dwellers in darkness with sin-blinded eyes -
The Light of the world is Jesus;
Go wash at His bidding and light will arise -
The Light of the world is Jesus.

No need of the sunlight in heaven, we're told -
The Light of the world is Jesus;
The Lamb is the Light in the City of Gold -
The Light of the world is Jesus.

296 TELL ME THE OLD, OLD STORY

Tell me the old, old story,
Of unseen things above,
Of Jesus and His glory,
Of Jesus and His love;
Tell me the story simply,
As to a little child,
For I am weak and weary,
And helpless and defiled.

Chorus:
Tell me the old, old story,
Tell me the old, old story,
Tell me the old, old story,
Of Jesus and His love.

Tell me the story slowly,
That I may take it in -
That wonderful redemption,
God's remedy for sin;
Tell me the story often,
For I forget so soon,
The "early dew" of morning
Has passed away at noon.

Tell me the story softly,
With earnest tones and grave;
Remember, I'm the sinner
Whom Jesus came to save;
Tell me the story always,
If you would really be,
In any time of trouble,
A comforter to me.

Tell me the same old story,
When you have cause to fear
That this world's empty glory
Is costing me too dear;
Yes, and when that world's glory
Is dawning on my soul,
Tell me the old, old story:
"Christ Jesus makes thee whole."

297 JESUS SAVES!

We have heard the joyful sound -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Spread the tidings all around -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Bear the news to ev'ry land,
Climb the steeps and cross the waves;
Onward! 'tis our Lord's command -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Waft it on the rolling tide -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Tell to sinners far and wide -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Sing, ye islands of the sea!
Echo back, ye ocean caves!
Earth shall keep her jubilee -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Sing above the battle strife -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
By His death and endless life -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Sing it softly thru the gloom,
When the heart for mercy craves;
Sing in triumph o'er the tomb -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Give the winds a mighty voice -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Let the nations now rejoice -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Shout salvation full and free,
Highest hills and deepest caves;
This our song of victory -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

298 I HEARD THE VOICE OF JESUS SAY

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"Come unto Me and rest;
Lay down, thou weary one, lay down
Thy head upon My breast."
I came to Jesus as I was,
Weary, and worn, and sad;
I found in Him a resting-place,
And He has made me glad.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"Behold, I freely give
The living water - thirsty one,
Stoop down, and drink, and live."
I came to Jesus, and I drank
Of that life-giving stream;
My thirst was quench'd, my soul revived,
And now I live in Him.

I heard the voice of Jesus say,
"I am this dark world's Light;
Look unto Me - thy morn shall rise,
And all thy day be bright."
I looked to Jesus, and I found
In Him my Star, my Sun;
And in that Light of life I'll walk,
Till trav'ling days are done.

299 MY SAVIOR

I am not skilled to understand
What God hath willed, what God hath planned;
I only know at His right hand
Is One who is my Savior!

I take Him at His word indeed -
"Christ died for sinners," this I read;
And in my heart I find a need
Of Him to be my Savior!

That He should leave His place on high
And come for sinful man to die,
You count it strange? So once did I,
Before I knew my Savior!

And O that He fulfilled may see
The travail of His soul in me,
And with His work contented be,
As I with my dear Savior!

Yes, living, dying, let me bring
My strength, my solace from this spring:
That He who lives to be my King
Once died to be my Savior!

300 THE CLEANSING WAVE

O now I see the crimson wave,
The fountain deep and wide:
Jesus, my Lord, mighty to save,
Points to His wounded side.

Chorus:
The cleansing stream, I see, I see!
I plunge, and O it cleanseth me!
O praise the Lord, it cleanseth me!
It cleanseth me - yes, cleanseth me!

I rise to walk in heav'n's own light
Above the world and sin,
With heart made pure, and garments white,
And Christ enthroned within.

Amazing grace! 'tis heav'n below
To feel the blood applied,
And Jesus, only Jesus know -
My Jesus crucified.

301 MY FAITH HAS FOUND A RESTING PLACE

My faith has found a resting place -
Not in device nor creed;
I trust the Everliving One -
His wounds for me shall plead.

Chorus:
I need no other argument,
I need no other plea;
It is enough that Jesus died,
And that He died for me.

Enough for me that Jesus saves -
This ends my fear and doubt;
A sinful soul I come to Him -
He'll never cast me out.

My heart is leaning on the Word -
The written Word of God:
Salvation by my Savior's name -
Salvation thru His blood.

My great Physician heals the sick,
The lost He came to save;
For me His precious blood He shed,
For me His life He gave.

302 WHEN I SEE THE BLOOD

Christ our Redeemer died on the cross,
Died for the sinner, paid all his due;
Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the Lamb,
And "I will pass, will pass over you."

Chorus:
"When I see the blood,
When I see the blood,
When I see the blood,
I will pass, I will pass over you."

Chiefest of sinners, Jesus will save -
As He has promised, that He will do;
Wash in the fountain opened for sin,
And "I will pass, will pass over you."

Judgment is coming, all will be there,
Each one receiving justly his due;
Hide in the saving sin-cleasing blood,
And "I will pass, will pass over you."

O great compassion! O boundless love!
O loving kindness, faithful and true!
Find peace and shelter under the blood,
And I will pass, will pass over you.

303 SAVED, SAVED!

I've found a friend who is all to me,
His love is ever true;
I love to tell how He lifted me,
And what His grace can do for you.

Chorus:
Saved by His pow'r divine,
Saved to new life sublime!
Life now is sweet and my joy is complete,
For I'm Saved, saved, saved!

He saves me from ev'ry sin and harm,
Secures my soul each day;
I'm leaning strong on His mighty arm -
I know He'll guide me all the way.

When poor and needy and all alone,
In love He said to me,
"Come unto Me and I'll lead you home,
To live with me eternally."

304 I AM TRUSTING THEE, LORD JESUS

I am trusting Thee, Lord, Jesus -
Trusting only Thee;
Trusting Thee for full salvation,
Great and free.

I am trusting Thee to guide me -
Thou alone shalt lead,
Ev'ry day and hour supplying
All my need.

I am trusting Thee for power -
Thine can never fail;
Words which Thou Thyself shalt give me
Must prevail.

I am trusting Thee, Lord Jesus -
Never let me fall;
I am trusting Thee forever,
And for all.

I am trusting Thee for pardon;
At Thy feet I bow;
For thy grace and tender mercy,
Trusting now.
3 3 I am trusting thee for cleansing
In the crimson flood;
Trusting thee to make me holy
By thy blood.

305 WONDERFUL WORDS OF LIFE

Sing them over again to me,
Wonderful words of Life;
Let me more of their beauty see -
Wonderful words of Life.
Words of life and beauty,
Teach me faith and duty:

Refrain:
Beautiful words, wonderful words,
Wonderful words of Life;
Beautiful words, wonderful words,
Wonderful words of Life.

Christ, the blessed One, gives to all
Wonderful words of Life;
Sinner, list to the loving call -
Wonderful words of Life.
All so freely given,
Wooing us to heaven.

Sweetly echo the gospel call -
Wonderful words of Life;
Offer pardon and peace to all -
Wonderful words of Life.
Jesus, only Savior,
Sanctify forever.

306 PASS ME NOT

Pass me not, O gentle Savior -
Hear my humble cry!
While on others Thou art smiling,
Do not pass me by.

Chorus:
Savior, Savior,
Hear my humble cry!
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Let me at a throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

Trusting only in Thy merit,
Would I seek Thy face;
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

Thou the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me!
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav'n but Thee?

307 AMAZING GRACE

Amazing grace - how sweet the sound -
That saved a wretch like me!
I once was lost but now am found,
Was blind but now I see.

'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved;
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed!

Thru many dangers, toils and snares
I have already come;
'Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far,
and grace will lead me home.

When we've been there ten thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
We've no less days to sing God's praise
Than when we first begun.

308 WHY DO YOU WAIT?

Why do you wait, dear brother,
Oh, why do you tarry so long?
Your Savior is waiting to give you
A place in His sanctified throng.

Chorus:
Why not? why not?
Why not come to Him now?
Why not? why not?
Why not come to Him now?

What do you hope, dear brother,
To gain by a further delay?
There's no one to save you but Jesus,
There's no other way but His way.

Do you not feel, dear brother,
His Spirit now striving within?
O why not accept His salvation,
And throw off thy burden of sin.

Why do you wait, dear brother?
The harvest is passing away;
Your Savior is longing to bless you,
There's danger and death in delay.

309 THANK YOU, LORD

310 GLORIOUS FREEDOM

Once I was bound by sin's galling fetters;
Chained like a slave, I struggled in vain.
But I received a glorious freedom
When Jesus broke my fetters in twain.

Glorious freedom! Wonderful freedom!
No more in chains of sin I repine!
Jesus, the glorious mighty Redeemer!
Now and forever Jesus is mine.

Freedom from all the carnal affections,
Freedom from envy, hatred and strife;
Freedom from vain and worldly ambitions;
Freedom from all that saddened my life.

Freedom from pride and all sinful follies,
Freedom from love and glitter of gold;
Freedom from evil, temper, and anger -
Glorious freedom, rapture untold!

311 DOES JESUS CARE?

Does Jesus care when my heart is pained
Too deeply for mirth or song;
As the burdens press, and the cares distress,
And the way grows weary and long?

Chorus:
O yes, He cares - I know He cares!
His heart is touched with my grief;
When the days are weary, the long nights dreary,
I know my Savior cares.

Does Jesus care when my way is dark
With a nameless dread and fear?
As the daylight fades into deep night shades,
Does He care enough to be near?

Does Jesus care when I've tried and failed
To resist some temptation strong;
When for my deep grief I find no relief,
Tho my tears flow all the night long?

Does Jesus care when I've said good-bye
To the dearest on earth to me,
And my sad heart aches till it nearly breaks -
Is it aught to Him? does He see?

312 WE BLESS THE NAME OF CHRIST, THE LORD

We bless the name of Christ the Lord,
We bless Him for His holy Word,
Who loved to do His Father's will,
And all His righteousness fulfill.

We follow Him with pure delight
To sanctify His sacred rite;
And thus our faith with water seal,
To prove obedience that we feel.

Baptized in God - the Father, Son,
And Holy Spirit - Three-in-One,
With conscience free, we rest in God,
In love and peace, thru Jesus' blood.

By grace we "Abba, Father" cry;
By grace the Comforter comes nigh;
And for Thy grace our love shall be
Forever, only, Lord, for Thee.

313 O LOVE THAT WILT NOT LET ME GO

O Love that wilt not let me go,
I rest my weary soul in Thee;
I give Thee back the life I owe,
That in Thine ocean depths its flow
May richer, fuller be.

O Light that followest all my way,
I yield my flickering torch to Thee;
My heart restores its borrowed ray,
That in Thy sunshine's blaze its day
May brighter, fairer be.

O Joy that seekest me thru pain,
I cannot close my heart to Thee;
I trace the rainbow thru the rain,
And feel the promise is not vain
That morn shall tearless be.

O Cross that liftest up my head,
I dare not ask to fly from Thee:
I lay in dust life's glory dead,
And from the ground there blossoms red
Life that shall endless be.

314 NEARER, STILL NEARER

Nearer, still nearer - close to Thy heart,
Draw me, my Savior, so precious Thou art;
Fold me, O fold me close to Thy breast,
Shelter me safe in that "Haven of Rest,"
Shelter me safe in that "Haven of Rest."

Nearer, still nearer - nothing I bring,
Naught as an off'ring to Jesus my King -
Only my sinful, now contrite heart:
Grant me the cleansing Thy blood doth impart,
Grant me the cleansing Thy blood doth impart.

Nearer, still nearer - Lord, to be Thine,
Sin, with its follies, I gladly resign -
All of its pleasures, pomp and its pride,
Give me but Jesus, my Lord, crucified,
Give me but Jesus, my Lord, crucified.

Nearer, still nearer - while life shall last,
Till safe in glory my anchor is cast;
Thru endless ages, ever to be,
Nearer, my Savior, still nearer to Thee,
Nearer, my Savior, still nearer to Thee.

315 WALK IN THE LIGHT

Walk in the light! so shalt thou know
That fellowship of love
His Spirit only can bestow
Who reigns in light above.

Walk in the light! and thou shalt find
Thy heart made truly His,
Who dwells in cloudless light enshrined,
In whom no darkness is.

Walk in the light! and thou shalt own
Thy darkness passed away,
Because that light hath on thee shone
In which is perfect day.

Walk in the light! and e'en the tomb
No fearful shade shall wear;
Glory shall chase away its gloom
For Christ hath conquered there.

Walk in the light! thy path shall be
A path, tho thorny bright;
For God, by grace, shall dwell in thee,
And God Himself is light.

316 JESUS NEVER FAILS

317 THE SOLID ROCK

My hope is built on nothing less
Than Jesus' blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame,
But wholly lean on Jesus' name.

Refrain:
On Christ the solid Rock I stand -
all other ground is sinking sand,
all other ground is sinking sand.

When darkness veils His lovely face,
I rest on His unchanging grace;
In ev'ry high and stormy gale
My anchor holds within the veil.

His oath, His covenant, His blood
Support me in the whelming flood;
When all around my soul gives way,
he then is all my hope and stay.

When He shall come with trumpet sound,,
O may I then in Him be found;
Dressed in His righteousness alone,
Faultless to stand before the throne.

318 BLESSED ASSURANCE

Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
O what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God,
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.

Chorus:
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Savior all the day long;
This is my story, this is my song;
Praising my Savior all the day long.

Perfect submission, perfect delight!
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight;
Angels descending bring from above
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.

Perfect submission - all is at rest,
I in my Savior am happy and blest;
Watching and waiting, looking above,
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love.

319 IT IS WELL WITH MY SOUL

When peace, like a river, attendeth my way,
When sorrows, like sea billows, roll -
Whatever my lot, Thou hast taught me to say,
It is well, It is well with my soul.

Chorus:
It is well with my soul,
It is well, it is well with my soul.

Tho Satan should buffet, tho trials should come,
Let this blest assurance control,
That Christ hath regarded my helpless estate,
And hath shed His own blood for my soul.

My sin - O the bliss of this glorious tho't -
My sin, not in part but the whole,
Is nailed to His cross and I bear it no more:
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, O my soul.

And, Lord, haste the day when the faith shall be sight,
The clouds be rolled back as a scroll:
The trump shall resound, and the Lord shall descend,
"Even so" - it is well with my soul.

320 'TIS SO SWEET TO TRUST IN JESUS

'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to take Him at His word,
Just to rest upon His promise,
Just to know, "Thus saith the Lord."

Chorus:
Jesus, Jesus, how I trust Him!
How I've prov'd Him o'er and o'er!
Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus!
O for grace to trust Him more!

O how sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to trust His cleansing blood,
Just in simple faith to plunge me
'Neath the healing cleansing flood.

Yes, 'tis sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just from sin and self to cease,
Just from Jesus simply taking
Life, and rest, and joy, and peace.

I'm so glad I learn'd to trust Thee,
Precious Jesus, Savior, Friend;
And I know that Thou art with me,
Wilt be with me to the end. [Chorus}

321 HE HIDETH MY SOUL

A wonderful Saviour is Jesus my Lord,
A wonderful Savior to me,
He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock,
Where rivers of pleasure I see.

Chorus:
He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock,
That shadows a dry thirsty land;
He hideth my life in the depths of his love,
And covers me there with his hand,
And covers me there with his hand.

A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord,
He taketh my burden away;
He holdeth me up, and I shall not be moved,
He giveth me strength as my day.

With numberless blessings each moment He crowns,
And, filled with His fullness divine,
I sing in my rapture, "O,glory to God
For such a Redeemer as mine!"

When clothed in His brightness transported I rise
To meet Him in clouds of the sky,
His perfect salvation, His wonderful love,
I'll shout with the millions on high.

322 IS MY NAME WRITTEN THERE?

Lord, I care not for riches, neither silver nor gold -
I would make sure of heaven, I would enter the fold.
In the book of Thy kingdom with its pages so fair,
Tell me, Jesus, my Savior, is my name written there?
Is my name written there, On the page white and fair?
In the book of Thy kingdom, Is my name written there?

Lord, my sins they are many, like the sands of the sea,
But Thy blood, O my Savior, is sufficient for me;
For Thy promise is written, in bright letters that glow,
"Tho your sins be as scarlet, I will make them like snow."
Is my name written there, On the page white and fair?
In the book of Thy kingdom, Is my name written there?

O that beautiful city with its mansions of light,
With its glorified beings in pure garments of white;
Where no evil thing cometh to despoil what is fair,
Where the angels are watching - yes, my name's written there.
Yes, my name's written there, On the page white and fair?
In the book of Thy kingdom, Yes, my name's written there?

323 TRUST AND OBEY

When we walk with the Lord,
In the light of His Word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will
He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and obey.

Chorus:
Trust and obey -
for there's no other way
To be happy in Jesus,
But to trust and obey.

Not a shadow can rise,
Not a cloud in the skies,
But His smile quickly drives it away;
Not a doubt nor a fear,
Not a sigh nor a tear,
Can abide while we trust and obey.

Not a burden we bear,
Not a sorrow we share,
But our toil He doth richly repay;
Not a grief nor a loss,
Not a frown nor a cross,
But is blest if we trust and obey.

But we never can prove
The delights of His love,
Until all on the altar we lay;
For the favor He shows,
And the joy He bestows,
Are for them who will trust and obey.

Then in fellowship sweet
We will sit at His feet,
Or we'll walk by His side in the way;
What He says we sill do,
Where He sends we sill go -
Never fear, only trust and obey.

324 TRUSTING JESUS

Simply trusting ev'ry day,
Trusting thru a stormy way;
Even when my faith is small,
Trusting Jesus - that is all.

Chorus:
Trusting as the moments fly,
Trusting as the days go by;
Trusting Him whate'er befall,
Trusting Jesus - that is all.

Brightly doth his Spirit shine
Into this poor heart of mine;
While He leads I cannot fall,
Trusting Jesus - that is all.

Singing if my way is clear;
Praying if the path is drear;
If in danger, for Him call;
Trusting Jesus - that is all.

Trusting Him while life shall last,
Trusting Him till earth is past;
Till within the jasper wall,
Trusting Jesus - that is all.

325 A SHELTER IN THE TIME OF STORM

The Lord's our Rock, in Him we hide -
A shelter in the time of storm;
Secure whatever ill betide -
A shelter in the time of storm.

Chorus:
O Jesus is a Rock in a weary land,
A weary land, a weary land,
O Jesus is a Rock in a weary land -
A shelter in the time of storm.

A shade by day, defense by night -
A shelter in the time of storm;
No fears alarm, no foes affright -
A shelter in the time of storm.

The raging storms may round us beat -
A shelter in the time of storm;
We'll never leave our safe retreat -
A Shelter in the time of storm.

O Rock divine, O Refuge dear -
A shelter in the time of storm;
Be Thou our helper ever near -
A Shelter in the time of storm.

326 LIKE A RIVER GLORIOUS

Like a river glorious,
Is God's perfect peace,
Over all victorious,
In its bright increase;
Perfect, yet it floweth
Fuller ev'ry day,
Perfect, yet it groweth
Deeper all the way.

Refrain:
Stayed upon Jehovah,
Hearts are fully blest -
Finding as He promised,
Perfect peace and rest.

Hidden in the hollow
Of His blessed hand,
Never foe can follow,
Never traitor stand;
Not a surge of worry,
Not a shade of care,
Not a blast of hurry
Touch the spirit there.

Every joy or trial
Falleth from above,
Traced upon our dial
By the Sun of Love;
We may trust Him fully
All for us to do -
They who trust Him wholly
Find Him wholly true.

327 ALL THINGS WORK OUT FOR GOOD

328 HOW FIRM A FOUNDATION

How firm a foundation, ye saints of the Lord,
Is laid for your faith in His excellent Word!
What more can He say than to you He hath said -
To you, who for refuge to Jesus have fled?

"Fear not, I am with thee - O be not dismayed,
For I am thy God, and will still give thee aid;
I'll strengthen thee, help thee, and cause thee to stand,
Upheld by my righteous, omnipotent hand.

"When thru the deep waters I call thee to go,
The rivers of woe shall not thee overflow;
For I will be with thee thy troubles to bless,
And sanctify to thee thy deepest distress.

"When through fiery trials thy pathway shall lie,
My grace, all sufficient, shall be thy supply;
The flame shall not hurt thee - I only design
thy dross to consume and thy gold to refine.

"The soul that on Jesus hath leaned for repose,
I will not, I will not desert to its foes;
That soul, tho all hell should endeavor to shake,
I'll never - no, never - no, never forsake!"

329 WE HAVE AN ANCHOR

Will your anchor hold in the storms of life,
When the clouds unfold their wings of strife?
When the strong tides lift, and the cables strain,
Will your anchor drift, or firm remain?

Chorus:
We have an anchor that keeps the soul
Steadfast and sure while the billows roll,
Fastened to the Rock which cannot move,
Grounded firm and deep in the Savior's love.

It is safely moored, 'twill the storm withstand,
For 'tis well secured by the Savior's hand.
Tho the tempest rage and the wild winds blow,
Not an angry wave shall our bark o'erflow.

When our eyes behold thru the gath'ring night
The city of gold, our harbor bright,
We shall anchor fast by the heav'nly shore,
With the storms all past forevermore.

330 HOW FIRM A FOUNDATION, YE SAINTS

How firm a foundation, ye saints of the Lord,
Is laid for your faith in His excellent word;
What more can He say than to you He hath said,
You who unto Jesus for refuge have fled?

Fear not, He is with thee, O be not dismayed;
For He is thy God, and will still give thee aid;
He'll strengthen thee, help thee, and cause thee to stand,
Upheld by My righteous, omnipotent hand.

When through the deep waters He calls thee to go,
The rivers of grief shall not thee overflow;
For He will be with thee in trouble to bless,
And sanctify to thee thy deepest distress.

When through fiery trials thy pathway shall lie,
My grace, all-sufficient, shall be thy supply;
The flame shall not hurt thee; His only design
Thy dross to consume, and thy gold to refine.

The soul that on Jesus has leaned for repose
He will not, He cannot, desert to its foes;
That soul, though all hell should endeavor to shake,
He never will leave, He will never forsake.

331 THE HAVEN OF REST

My soul in sad exile was out on life's sea,
So burdened with sin and distrest,
Till I heard a sweet voice, saying, "Make me your choice!"
And I entered the Haven of Rest.

Chorus:
I've anchored my soul in the Haven of Rest,
I'll sail the wide seas no more;
The tempest may sweep over wild, stormy, deep -
In Jesus I'm safe evermore.

I yielded myself to His tender embrace,
In faith taking hold of the Word,
My fetters fell off, and I anchored my soul -
The "Haven of Rest" is my Lord.

The song of my soul, since the Lord made me whole,
Has been the old story so blest
Of Jesus, who'll save whosoever will have
A home in the Haven of Rest!

O come to the Savior - He patiently waits
To save by His power divine;
Come, anchor your soul in the Haven of Rest,
And say, "My Beloved is mine."

332 MOMENT BY MOMENT

Dying with Jesus by death reckoned mine,
Living with Jesus a new life divine,
Looking to Jesus till glory doth shine -
Moment by moment, O Lord, I am Thine.

Chorus:
Moment by moment I'm kept in His love,
Moment by moment I've life from above;
Looking to Jesus till glory doth shine,
Moment by moment, O Lord, I am Thine.

Never a trial that He is not there,
Never a burden that He doth not bear;
Never a sorrow that He doth not share -
Moment by moment, I'm under His care.

Never a heartache and never a groan,
Never a teardrop and never a moan;
Never a danger, but there on the throne,
Moment by moment He thinks of His own.

Never a weakness that He doth not feel,
Never a sickness that He cannot heal;
Moment by moment, in woe or in weal,
Jesus my Savior abides with me still.

333 YESTERDAY, TODAY, FOREVER

O how sweet the glorious message
Simple faith may claim:
Yesterday, today, forever
Jesus is the same!
Still He loves to save the sinful,
Heal the sick and lame
Cheer the mourner, calm the tempest -
Glory to His name!

Chorus:
Yesterday, today, forever,
Jesus is the same.
All may change, but Jesus never -
Glory to His name!
Glory to His name!
Glory to His name;
All may change, but Jesus never -
Glory to His name!

He who pardoned erring Peter
Never need'st thou fear,
He who came to erring Thomas
All thy doubt will clear;
He who let the loved disciple
On His bosom rest
Bids thee still, with love as tender
Lean upon His breast.

He who 'mid the raging billows
Walked upon the sea
Still can hush our wildest tempest,
As on Galilee;
He who wept and prayed in anguish
In Gethsemane
Drinks with us each cup of trembling,
In our agony.

As of old He walked to Emmaus,
With them to abide
So thru all life's way He walketh,
Ever near our side;
Soon again shall we behold Him -
Hasten, Lord, the day!
But 'twill still "be this same Jesus,"
As He went away.

334 SWEET PEACE, THE GIFT OF GOD'S LOVE

There comes to my heart one sweet strain,
A glad and a joyous refrain;
I sing it again and again -
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

Chorus:
Peace, peace, sweet peace!
Wonderful gift from above!
O wonderful, wonderful peace!
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love!

Thru Christ on the cross peace was made,
My debt by His death was all paid;
No other foundation is laid
For peace, the gift of God's love.

When Jesus as Lord I had crowned,
My heart with this peace did abound;
In Him the rich blessing I found -
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

In Jesus for peace I abide,
And as I keep close to His side,
There's nothing but peace doth betide -
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

335 KEEP ON BELIEVING

When you feel weakest, dangers surround;
Subtle temptations, troubles abound;
Nothing seems hopeful, nothing seems glad,
All is despairing, oftentimes sad.

Keep on believing, Jesus is near,
Keep on believing, there's nothing to fear;
Keep on believing, this is the way,
Faith in the night as well as the day.

If all were easy, if all were bright,
Where would the cross be? and where the fight?
But in the testings God gives to you,
Chances for proving what He can do.

God is your wisdom; God is your might;
God's ever near you guiding you right;
He understands you, knows all you need:
Trusting in Him you'll surely succeed.

Let us press on then; never despair;
Live above feeling, victory's there;
Jesus can keep us so near to Him,
That nevermore shall our faith grow dim.

336 ONLY BELIEVE

Fear not, little flock, from the cross to the throne,
From death into life He went for His own;
All power in earth, all power above,
Is given to Him for the flock of His love.

Only believe, only believe;
All things are possible, only believe;
Only believe, only believe;
All things are possible, only believe.

Fear not, little flock, He goeth ahead,
Your Shepherd selecteth the path you must tread;
The waters of Marah He'll sweeten for thee -
He drank all the bitter in Gethsemane.

Fear not, little flock, whatever your lot;
He enters all rooms, "the doors being shut,"
He never forsakes; He never is gone -
So count on His presence in darkness and dawn.

337 NEVER GIVE UP

Never be sad or desponding,
If thou hast faith to believe;
Grace, for the duties before thee,
Ask of thy God and receive.

Refrain:
Never give up,
Never give up,
Never give up to thy sorrows,
Jesus will bid them depart;
Trust in the Lord,
Trust in the Lord,
Sing when your trials are greatest,
Trust in the Lord and take heart.

What if thy burdens oppress thee;
What though thy life may be drear;
Look on the side that is brightest,
Pray, and thy path will be clear.

Never be sad or desponding,
There is a morrow for thee;
Soon thou shalt dwell in its brightness,
There with the Lord thou shalt be.

Never be sad or desponding,
Lean on the arm of thy Lord;
Dwell in the depths of His mercy,
Thou shalt receive thy reward.

338 SHOW ME THY WAY, O LORD

Show me Thy way, O Lord, And make it plain:
I would obey Thy word, Speak yet again.
I would not take one step until I know
Which way it is that you want me to go.

O Lord, I cannot see; Grant me Thy light;
Darkness bewilders me, Clouding my sight;
Hold Thou my hand, and keep close by my side:
I dare not go alone; be Thou my guide.

I cannot see Thy face, Yet Thou are here;
When will the morning chase, My doubt and fear?
When shall I see the place where day and night
Shall come not, for Thy glory is its light?

I will be patient, Lord, And do Thy will;
I will not doubt Thy word, My hopes fulfil.
How can I perish, if in Thee I die;
Jesus, my Comforter, my Hope and Guide!

339 WHEN I FEAR MY FAITH WILL FAIL

When I fear my faith will fail, Christ can hold me fast!
When the tempter would prevail, He can hold me fast!

He will hold me fast, He will hold me fast;
For my Saviour loves me so, He will hold me fast.

I could never keep my hold, He must hold me fast!
For my love is often cold, He must hold me fast!

I am precious in His sight, He will hold me fast!
Those He saves are His delight, He will hold me fast!

He'll not let my soul be lost, Christ will hold me fast;
Bought by Him at such a cost, He will hold me fast!

340 HIDING IN THEE

O safe to the Rock that is higher than I,
My soul in its conflicts and sorrows would fly;
So sinful, so weary - Thine, Thine would I be;
Thou blest "Rock of Ages," I'm hiding in Thee.

Chorus:
Hiding in Thee,
Hiding in Thee,
Thou blest "Rock of Ages,"
I'm hiding in Thee.

In the calm of the noon-tide, in sorrow's lone hour,
In times when temptation casts o'er me its pow'r,
In the tempests of life, on its wide, heaving sea,
Thou blest "Rock of Ages," I'm hiding in Thee.

How oft in the conflict, when pressed by the foe,
I have fled to my Refuge and breathed out my woe;
How often, when trials like sea billows roll,
I have hidden in Thee, O Thou Rock of my soul.

341 THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD

The Lord is my Shepherd, no want shall I know,
I feed in green pastures, safe-folded I rest;
He leadeth my soul where the still waters flow,
Restores me when wandering, redeems when oppressed;
Restores me when wandering, redeems when oppressed.

Thro' the valley and shadow of death though I stray,
Since Thou art my guardian, no evil I fear;
Thy rod shall defend me, Thy staff be my stay;
No harm can befall with my Comforter near,
No harm can befall with my Comforter near.

In the midst of affliction my table is spread,
With blessings unmeasured my cup runneth o'er;
With perfume and oil, Thou anointest my head;
O what shall I ask of Thy providence more?
O what shall I ask of Thy providence more?

Let goodness and mercy, my bountiful God,
Still follow my steps till I meet Thee above;
I seek, by the path which my forefathers trod
Thro' the land of their sojourn, Thy kingdom of love,
Thro' the land of their sojourn, Thy Kingdom of love.

Amen.

342 THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD

The Lord's my Shepherd, I'll not want.
He makes me down to lie
In pastures green: he leadeth me
The quiet waters by.

My soul he doth restore again;
And me to walk doth make
Within the paths of righteousness,
Ev'n for his own name's sake.

Yea, though I walk in death's dark vale,
Yet will I fear none ill,
For thou art with me; and thy rod
And staff me comfort still.

My table thou hast furnished
In presence of my foes;
My head thou dost with oil anoint,
And my cup overflows.

Goodness and mercy all my life
Shall surely follow me:
And in God's house for evermore
My dwelling-place shall be.

Amen.

343 THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD

The Lord's my Shepherd, I'll not want.
He makes me down to lie
In pastures green: he leadeth me
The quiet waters by.

My soul he doth restore again;
And me to walk doth make
Within the paths of righteousness,
Ev'n for his own name's sake.

Yea, though I walk in death's dark vale,
Yet will I fear none ill,
For thou art with me; and thy rod
And staff me comfort still.

My table thou hast furnished
In presence of my foes;
My head thou dost with oil anoint,
And my cup overflows.

Goodness and mercy all my life
Shall surely follow me:
And in God's house for evermore
My dwelling-place shall be.

Amen.

344 THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD

The Lord's my Shepherd, I'll not want.
He makes me down to lie
In pastures green: he leadeth me
The quiet waters by.

My soul he doth restore again;
And me to walk doth make
Within the paths of righteousness,
Ev'n for his own name's sake.

Yea, though I walk in death's dark vale,
Yet will I fear none ill,
For thou art with me; and thy rod
And staff me comfort still.

My table thou hast furnished
In presence of my foes;
My head thou dost with oil anoint,
And my cup overflows.

Goodness and mercy all my life
Shall surely follow me:
And in God's house for evermore
My dwelling-place shall be.

Amen.

345 THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD

The Lord's my Shepherd, I'll not want.
He makes me down to lie
In pastures green: he leadeth me
The quiet waters by.

My soul he doth restore again;
And me to walk doth make
Within the paths of righteousness,
Ev'n for his own name's sake.

Yea, though I walk in death's dark vale,
Yet will I fear none ill,
For thou art with me; and thy rod
And staff me comfort still.

My table thou hast furnished
In presence of my foes;
My head thou dost with oil anoint,
And my cup overflows.

Goodness and mercy all my life
Shall surely follow me:
And in God's house for evermore
My dwelling-place shall be.

Amen.

346 BE STILL, MY SOUL

Be still, my soul - the Lord is on thy side!
Bear patiently the cross of grief or pain;
Leave to thy God to order and provide -
In ev'ry change He faithful will remain.
Be still, my soul - thy best, thy heav'nly Friend
Thru thorny ways leads to a joyful end.

Be still, my soul: - thy God doth undertake
To guide the future, as He has the past;
Thy hope, thy confidence let nothing shake -
All now mysterious shall be bright at last.
Be still, my soul - the waves and winds still know
His voice who ruled them while He dwelt below.

Be still, my soul - the hour is hast'ning on
When we shall be forever with the Lord,
When disappointment, grief, and fear are gone,
Sorrow forgot, love's purest joys restored.
Be still, my soul - when change and tears are past,
All safe and blessed we shall meet at last.

347 UNDER THE CARE OF MY GOD, THE ALMIGHTY

Under the care of my God, the Almighty,
Safe in the secret place of the Most High!
He is my Refuge, the Lord is my Fortress,
Him I am trusting when trouble is nigh.

Under his wings, under his wings,
Safe in the refuge hide thee;
Trusting his truth and faithfulness,
No evil can betide thee.

Be not afraid for the terror of midnight,
Nor for the arrow that hasteth to slay;
Fear not the pestilence walking in darkness,
Nor the destroyer that wasteth by day.

Seek the Most High for thy sure habitation,
Unto Jehovah for refuge now fly;
There shall no evil befall thee nor harm thee,
Unto thy dwelling no plague shall come nigh.

Love thou the Lord, surely he will deliver;
He will exalt thee and answer thy prayer;
He will be with thee to honor and give thee
Life without end, his salvation to share.

Amen.

348 GUIDE ME, O THOU GREAT JEHOVAH

Guide me, O Thou great Jehovah,
Pilgrim thru this barren land;
I am weak, but Thou art mighty -
Hold me with Thy pow'rful hand:
Bread of Heaven, Bread of Heaven,
Feed me till I want no more,
Feed me till I want no more.

Open now the crystal fountain
Whence the healing stream doth flow,
Let the fire and cloudy pillar
Lead me all my journey thru:
Strong Deliv'rer, strong Deliv'rer,
Be Thou still my strength and shield,
Be Thou still my strength and shield.

When I tread the verge of Jordan,
Bid my anxious fears subside;
Bear me thru the selling current,
Land me safe on Canaan's side:
Songs of praises, songs of praises,
I will ever give to Thee,
Ti will ever give to Thee.

349 SURELY GOODNESS AND MERCY

350 JESUS, SAVIOR, PILOT ME

Jesus, Savior, pilot me,
Over life's tempestuous sea:
Unknown waves before me roll,
Hiding rocks and treach'rous shoal;
Chart and compass came from Thee -
Jesus, Savior, pilot me!

As a mother stills her child,
Thou canst hush the ocean wild;
Boist'rous waves obey Thy will
When Thou say'st to them, "Be still!"
Wondrous Sov'reign of the sea,
Jesus, Savior, pilot me.

When at last I near the shore,
And the fearful breakers roar
'Twixt me and the peaceful rest -
Then, while leaning on Thy breast,
May I hear Thee say to me,
"Fear not - I will pilot thee!

351 HE LEADETH ME

He leadeth me! O blessed thought!
O words with heav'nly comfort fraught!
Whate'er I do where'er I be,
Still 'tis God's hand that leadeth me!

Chours:
He leadeth me, He leadeth me,
By His own hand He leadeth me:
His faithful foll'wer I would be,
For by His hand He leadeth me.

Sometimes 'mid scenes of deepest gloom,
Sometimes where Eden's bowers bloom,
By waters still, o'er troubled sea,
Still 'tis His hand that leadeth me!

Lord, I would clasp Thy hand in mine,
Nor ever murmur nor repine,
Content, whatever lot I see,
Since 'tis my God that leadeth me!

And when my task on earth is done,
When, by Thy grace the vict'ry's won,
E'en death's cold wave I will not flee,
Since God through Jordan leadeth me.

352 ALL THE WAY MY SAVIOR LEADS ME

All the way my Savior leads me -
What have I to ask beside?
Can I doubt His tender mercy,
Who thru life has been my Guide?
Heav'nly peace, divinest comfort,
Here by faith in Him to dwell!
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well;
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well.

All the way my Savior leads me -
Cheers each winding path I tread,
Gives me grace for ev'ry trial,
Feeds me with the lving bread.
Tho my weary steps may falter,
And my soul athirst may be,
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! a spring of joy I see;
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! a spring of joy I see.

All the way my Savior leads me -
O the fullness of His love!
Perfect rest to me is promised
In my Father's house above.
When my spirit, clothed immortal,
Wings its flight to realms of day,
This my song thru endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way;
This my song thru endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way.

353 GOD WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU

Be not dismayed whate'er betide,
God will take care of you;
Beneath His wings of love abide,
God will take care of you.

Chorus:
God will take care of you,
Thru ev'ry day,
O'er all the way;
He will take care of you,
God will take care of you.

Thru days of toil when heart doth fail,
God will take care of you;
When dangers fierce your path assail,
God will take care of you.

All you may need He will provide,
God will take care of you;
Nothing you ask will be denied,
God will take care of you.

No matter what may be the test,
God will take care of you;
Lean, weary one, upon His breast,
God will take care of you.

354 GOD LEADS US ALONG

In shady, green pastures, so rich and so sweet,
God leads His dear children along;
Where the water's cool flow bathes the weary one's feet,
God leads His dear children along.

Chorus:
Some thru the waters, some thru the flood,
Some thru the fire, but all thru the blood;
Some thru great sorrow, but God gives a song,
In the night season and all the day long.

Sometimes on the mount where the sun shines so bright,
God leads His dear children along;
Sometimes in the valley, in darkest of night,
God leads His dear children along.

Tho sorrows befall us and Satan oppose,
God leads His dear children along;
Through grace we can conquer, defeat all our foes,
God leads His dear children along.

Away from the mire and away from the clay,
God leads His dear children along;
Away up in glory, eternity's day,
God leads His dear children along.

355 DAY BY DAY

Day by day and with each passing moment,
Strength I find to meet my trials here;
Trusting in my Father's wise bestowment,
I've no cause for worry or for fear.
He whose heart is kind beyond all measure
Gives unto each day what He deems best -
Lovingly, its part of pain and pleasure,
Mingling toil with peace and rest.

Ev'ry day the Lord Himself is near me,
With a special mercy for each hour;
All my cares He fain would bear, and cheer me,
He whose name is Counselor and Pow'r.
The protection of His child and treasure
Is a charge that on Himself He laid;
"As your days, your strength shall be in measure,"
This the pledge to me He made.

Help me then in ev'ry tribulation
So to trust Thy promises, O Lord,
That I lose not faith's sweet consolation
Offered me within Thy holy word.
Help me, Lord, when toil and trouble meeting,
E'er to take, as from a father's hand,
One by one, the days, the moments fleeting,
Till I reach the promised land.

356 LEAD ME, SAVIOR

Savior, lead me, lest I stray,
Gently lead me all the way;
I am safe when by Thy side,
I would in Thy love abide.

Chorus:
Lead me, lead me,
Savior, lead me lest I stray;
Gently down the stream of time,
Lead me, Savior, all the way.

Thou the refuge of my soul,
When life's stormy billows roll;
I am safe when Thou art nigh,
All my hopes on Thee rely.

Savior, lead me, then at last,
When the storm of life is past,
To the land of endless day,
Where all tears are wiped away.

357 PRECIOUS PROMISE

Precious promise God hath given
To the weary passer-by,
On the way from earth to heaven,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

Chorus:
I will guide thee, I will guide thee,
I will guide thee with Mine eye;
On the way from earth to heaven,
I will guide thee with Mine eye.

When temptations almost win thee,
And thy trusted watchers fly,
Let this promise ring within thee,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

When thy secret hopes have perished
In the grave of years gone by,
Let this promise still be cherished,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

When the shades of life are falling,
And the hour has come to die,
Hear thy trusty Pilot calling,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

358 WHAT A FRIEND WE HAVE IN JESUS

What a Friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
Ev'rything to God in prayer!
O what peace we often forfeit,
O what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry
Ev'rything to God in prayer.

Have we trials and temptations?
Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged -
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a friend so faithful
Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our ev'ry weakness -
Take it to the Lord in prayer.

Are we weak and heavy laden,
Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Savior, still our refuge -
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Do thy friends despise, forsake thee?
Take it to the Lord in prayer;
In His arms He'll take and shield thee -
Thou wilt find a solace there.

359 MY FAITH LOOKS UP TO THEE

My faith looks up to thee,
Thou Lamb of Calvary,
Saviour divine!
Now hear me while I pray,
Take all my guilt away,
O let me from this day
Be wholly thine.

May thy rich grace impart
Strength to my fainting heart,
My zeal inspire;
As thou hast died for me,
O may my love to thee
Pure, warm, and changeless be,
A living fire.

While life's dark maze I tread,
And griefs around me spread,
Be thou my guide;
Bid darkness turn to day,
Wipe sorrow's tears away,
Nor let me ever stray
From thee aside.

When ends life's transient dream,
When death's cold sullen stream
Shall o'er me roll;
Blest Saviour, then, in love,
Fear and distrust remove;
O bear me safe above,
A ransomed soul!

Amen.

360 MY GOD, IS ANY HOUR SO SWEET

My God, is any hour so sweet
From blush of morn to evening star,
As that which calls me to Thy feet,
The hour of prayer?

Then is my strength by Thee renewed;
Then are my sins by Thee forgiv'n;
Then dost Thou cheer my solitude
With hopes of heav'n.

No words can tell what sweet relief
There for my ev'ry want I find.
What strength for warfare, balm for grief,
What peace of mind!

Hushed is each doubt, gone ev'ry fear;
My spirit seems in heav'n to stay;
And e'en the penitential tear
Is wiped away.

Lord, till I reach yon blissful shore,
No privilege so dear shall be
As thus my inmost soul to pour
In prayer to thee.

Amen.

361 JESUS, LOVER OF MY SOUL

Jesus, lover of my soul,
Let me to Thy bosom fly,
While the nearer waters roll,
While the tempest still is high!
Hide me, O my Savior, hide -
Till the storm of life is past;
Safe into the haven guide.
O receive my soul at last!

Other refuge have I none -
Hangs my helpless soul on Thee.
Leave, ah, leave me not alone,
Still support and comfort me!
All my trust on Thee is stayed -
All my help from Thee I bring.
Cover my defenseless head
With the shadow of Thy wing.

Thou, O Christ, art all I want,
More than all in Thee I find.
Raise the fallen, cheer the faint,
Heal the sick, and lead the blind.
Just and holy is Thy name -
I am all unrighteousness;
False and full of sin I am,
Thou art full of truth and grace.

Plenteous grace with Thee is found,
Grace to cover all my sin.
Let the healing streams abound;
Make and keep me pure within.
Thou of life the fountain art -
Freely let me take of Thee;
Spring Thou up within my heart,
Rise to all eternity.

362 DID YOU THINK TO PRAY

Ere you left your room this morning,
Did you think to pray?
In the name of Christ our Savior,
Did you sue for loving favor,
As a shield today?

Chorus:
Oh, how praying rests the weary!
Pray'r will change the night to day;
So when life seems dark and dreary,
Don't forget to pray.

When you met with great temptation,
Did you think to pray?
By His dying love and merit
Did you claim the Holy Spirit
As your guide and stay?

When your heart was filled with anger,
Did you think to pray?
Did you plead for grace, my brother,
That you might forgive another
Who has crossed your way?

When sore trials came upon you,
Did you think to pray?
When your soul was bowed in sorrow,
Balm of Gilead did you borrow
At the gates of day?

363 I MUST TELL JESUS

I must tell Jesus all of my trials,
I cannot bear these burdens alone;
In my distress He kindly will help me,
He ever loves and cares for His own.

Chorus:
I must tell Jesus! I must tell Jesus!
I cannot bear my burdens alone;
I must tell Jesus! I must tell Jesus!
Jesus can help me, Jesus alone.

I must tell Jesus all of my troubles,
He is a kind, compassionate Friend;
If I but ask Him, He will deliver,
Make of my troubles quickly an end.

Tempted and tried I need a great Savior,
One who can help my burdens to bear;
I must tell Jesus, I must tell Jesus;
He all my cares and sorrows will share.

O how the world to evil allures me!
O how my heart is tempted to sin!
I must tell Jesus, and He will help me
Over the world the vict'ry to win.

364 'TIS THE BLESSED HOUR OF PRAYER

'Tis the blessed hour of prayer, when our hearts lowly bend,
And we gather to Jesus, our Savior and Friend;
If we come to Him in faith, His protection to share,
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

Chorus:
Blessed hour of prayer,
Blessed Hour of prayer -
What a balm to be weary!
O how sweet to be there!

'Tis the blessed hour of prayer, when the Savior draws near
With a tender compassion, His children to hear,
When He tells us we may cast at His feet ev'ry care.
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

'Tis the blessed hour of prayer, when the tempted and tried
To the Savior who loves them their sorrow confide;
With a sympathizing heart He removes ev'ry care -
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

At the blessed hour of prayer, trusting Him, we believe
That the blessings we're needing we'll surely receive;
In the fullness of this trust we shall lose ev'ry care -
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

365 TEACH ME TO PRAY

366 TELL IT TO JESUS

Are you weary, are you heavy-hearted?
Tell it to Jesus,
Tell it to Jesus;
Are you grieving over joys departed?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Chorus:
Tell it to Jesus, tell it to Jesus,
He is a friend that's well-known;
You've no other such a friend or brother,
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Do the tears flow down your cheeks unbidden?
Tell it to Jesus,
Tell it to Jesus;
Have you sins that to men's eyes are hidden?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Do you fear the gath'ring clouds of sorrow?
Tell it to Jesus,
Tell it to Jesus;
Are you anxious what shall be tomorrow?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Are you troubled at the thought of dying?
Tell it to Jesus,
Tell it to Jesus;
For Christ's coming kingdom are you sighing?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

367 THERE SHALL BE SHOWERS OF BLESSING

"There shall be showers of blessing" -
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Savior above.

Chorus:
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need;
Mercy-drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.

"There shall be showers of blessing" -
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys
Sound of abundance of rain.

"There shall be showers of blessing" -
Send them upon us, O Lord;
Grant to us now a refreshing,
Come, and now honor Thy Word.

"There shall be showers of blessing" -
O that today they might fall,
Now as to God we're confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

368 FROM EVERY STORMY WIND THAT BLOWS

From ev'ry stormy wind that blows,
From ev'ry swelling tide of woes,
There is a calm, a sure retreat -
'Tis found beneath the mercy seat.

There is a place where Jesus sheds
The oil of gladness on our heads,
A place than all besides more sweet -
It is the blood-bought mercy seat.

There is a scene where spirits blend,
Where friend holds fellowship with friend,
Tho sundered far, by faith they meet
Around one common mercy seat.

Ah! whither could we flee for aid
When tempted, desolate, dismayed,
Or how the host of hell defeat,
Had suff'ring saints no mercy seat?

Ah, There on eagle wings we soar,
And sin and sense molest no more;
And heav'n comes down our souls to greet,
While glory crowns the mercy seat.

369 NEAR TO THE HEART OF GOD

There is a place of quiet rest,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where sin cannot molest,
Near to the heart of God.

Chorus:
O Jesus, blest Redeemer,
Sent from the heart of God,
Hold us, who wait before Thee
Near to the heart of God.

There is a place of comfort sweet,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where we our Savior meet,
Near to the heart of God.

There is a place of full release,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where all is joy and peace,
Near to the heart of God.

370 NEARER, MY GOD TO THEE

Nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!
E'en tho it be a cross
That raiseth me,
Still all my song shall be,
Nearer, my God, to Thee;
nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!

Tho like the wanderer,
The sun gone down,
Darkness be over me,
My rest a stone,
Yet in my dreams I'd be
Nearer, my God, to Thee;
Nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!

There let the way appear,
Steps unto heav'n;
All that Thou sendest me,
In mercy giv'n -
Angels to beckon me
Nearer, my God, to Thee;
Nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!

Then, with my waking thoughts,
Bright with Thy praise,
Out of my stony griefs,
Bethel I raise;
So by my woes to be
Nearer, my God, to Thee;
Nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!

Or if, on joyful wing,
Cleaving the sky,
Sun, moon, and stars forgot,
Upward I fly,
Still all my song shall be,
Nearer, my God, to Thee;
Nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!

371 SWEET HOUR OF PRAYER

Sweet hour of prayer, sweet hour of prayer,
That calls me from a world of care
And bids me at my Father's throne
Make all my wants and wishes known!
In seasons of distress and grief
My soul has often found relief,
And oft escaped the tempter's snare
By thy return, sweet hour of prayer.

Sweet hour of prayer, sweet hour of prayer,
Thy wings shall my petition bear
To Him whose truth and faithfulness
Engage the waiting soul to bless;
And since He bids me seek His face,
Believe His Word and trust His grace,
I'll cast on Him my ev'ry care,
And wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer,

Sweet hour of prayer, sweet hour of prayer,
May I thy consolation share,
Till, from Mount Pisgah's lofty height
I view my home and take my flight:
This robe of flesh I'll drop, and rise
To seize the everlasting prize,
And shout, while passing thru the air,
"Farewell, farewell, sweet hour of prayer!"

372 MORE HOLINESS GIVE ME

More holiness give me,
More strivings within;
More patience in suff'ring,
More sorrow for sin;
More faith in my Savior,
More sense of His care;
More joy in His service
More purpose in prayer.

More gratitude give me,
More trust in the Lord,
More pride in His glory,
More hope in His Word;
More tears for His sorrows,
More pain at His grief;
More meekness in trial,
More praise for relief.

More purity give me,
More strength to o'ercome,
More freedom from earth-stains,
More longings for home;
More fit for the kingdom,
More useful I'd be,
More blessed and holy,
More, Savior, like Thee.

373 DARE TO BE A DANIEL

Standing by a purpose true,
Heeding God's command,
Honor them, the faithful few!
All hail to Daniel's band!

Chorus:
Dare to be a Daniel,
Dare to stand alone!
Dare to have a purpose firm!
Dare to make it known!

Many mighty men are lost,
Daring not to stand,
Who for God had been a host
By joining Daniel's band!

Many giants, great and tall,
Stalking through the land,
Headlong to the earth would fall,
If met by Daniel's band!

Hold the gospel banner high!
On to vict'ry grand!
Satan and his host defy,
And shout for Daniel's band!

374 WHY WORRY WHEN YOU CAN PRAY

375 SPEAK, LORD, IN THE STILLNESS

Speak, Lord, in the stillness
While I wait on Thee;
Hush'd my heart to listen,
In expectancy.

Speak, O blessed Master,
In this quiet hour;
Let me see Thy face, Lord,
Feel Thy touch of pow'r.

For the words Thou speakest,
They are life indeed;
Living Bread from heaven,
Now my spirit feed!

All to Thee is yielded -
I am not my own!
Blissful, glad surrender -
I am Thine alone!

Fill me with the knowledge
Of Thy glorious will;
All Thine own good pleasure
In Thy child fulfill.

Like a watered garden
Full of fragrance rare,
Ling'ring in Thy presence,
Let my life appear.

376 O TO BE LIKE THEE!

O to be like Thee! blessed Redeemer,
This is my constant longing and prayer;
Gladly I'll forfeit all of earth's treasures,
Jesus, Thy perfect likeness to wear.

Chorus:
O to be like Thee! O to be like Thee,
Blessed Redeemer, pure as Thou art!
Come in Thy sweetness, come in Thy fullness;
Stamp Thine own image deep on my heart.

O to be like Thee! full of compassion,
Loving, forgiving, tender and kind;
Helping the helpless, cheering the fainting,
Seeking the wand'ring sinner to find.

O to be like Thee! lowly in spirit,
Holy and harmless, patient and brave;
Meekly enduring cruel reproaches,
Willing to suffer others to save.

O to be like Thee! Lord I am coming,
Now to receive th'anointing divine;
All that I am and have I am bringing -
Lord, from this moment all shall be Thine.

O to be like Thee! while I am pleading,
Pour out Thy Spirit, fill with Thy love;
Make me a temple meet for Thy dwelling,
Fit me for life and Heaven above.

377 MORE LIKE THE MASTER

More like the Master I would ever be,
More of His meekness, more humility;
More zeal to labor, more courage to be true,
More consecration for work He bids me do.

Chorus:
Take Thou my heart, I would be Thine alone;
Take Thou my heart and make it all Thine own;
Purge me from sin, O Lord, I now implore,
Wash me and keep me Thine forevermore.

More like the Master is my daily prayer;
More strength to carry crosses I must bear;
More earnest effort to bring His kingdom in,
More of His Spirit, the wanderer to win.

More like the Master I would live and grow;
More of His love to others I would show;
More self-denial, like His in Galilee,
More like the Master I long to ever be.

378 MORE ABOUT JESUS

More about Jesus would I know,
More of His grace to others show;
More of His saving fullness see,
More of His love who died for me.

Refrain:
More, more about Jesus,
More, more about Jesus;
More of His saving fullness see,
More of His love who died for me.

More about Jesus let me learn,
More of His holy will discern;
Spirit of God, my teacher be,
Showing the things of Christ to me.

More about Jesus - in His Word,
Holding communion with my Lord,
Hearing His voice in ev'ry line,
Making each faithful saying mine.

More about Jesus on His throne,
Riches in glory all His own,
More of His kingdom's sure increase;
More of His coming - Prince of Peace.

379 O FOR A FAITH THAT WILL NOT SHRINK

O for a faith that will not shrink
Tho pressed by many a foe,
That will not tremble on the brink
Of any earthly woe;

That will not murmur nor complain
Beneath the chast'ning rod,
But in the hour of grief or pain
Can lean upon its God;

A faith that shines more bright and clear
When tempests rage without,
That, when in danger, knows no fear,
In darkness feels no doubt.

Lord, give me such a faith as this,
And then, whate'er may come,
I taste e'en now the hallowed bliss
Of an eternal home.

380 CLOSE TO THEE

Thou my everlasting portion,
More than friend or life to me;
All along my pilgrim journey,
Savior, let me walk with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
All along my pilgrim journey,
Savior, let me walk with Thee.

Not for ease or worldly pleasure,
Nor for fame my pray'r shall be;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.

Lead me thru the vale of shadows,
Bear me o'er life's fitful sea:
Then the gate of life eternal,
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Then the gate of life eternal,
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.

381 SITTING AT THE FEET OF JESUS

Sitting at the feet of Jesus,
O what words I hear Him say!
Happy place - so near, so precious!
May it find me there each day!
Sitting at the feet of Jesus,
I would look upon the past,
For His love has been so gracious -
It has won my heart at last.

Sitting at the feet of Jesus,
Where can mortal be more blest?
There I lay my sins and sorrows,
And, when weary, find sweet rest;
Sitting at the feet of Jesus,
There I love to weep and pray
While I from His fullness gather
Grace and comfort ev'ry day.

Bless me, O my Savior, bless me,
As I sit low at Thy feet!
O look down in love upon me,
Let me see Thy face so sweet!
Give me, Lord, the mind of Jesus,
Make me holy as He is;
May I prove I've been with Jesus,
Who is all my righteousness.

382 I WOULD BE TRUE

I would be true, for there are those who trust me;
I would be pure, for there are those who care.
I would be strong, for there is much to suffer;
I would be brave, for there is much to dare -
I would be brave, for there is much to dare.

I would be friend of all - the foe, the friendless;
I would be giving, and forget the gift.
I would be humble, for I know my weakness;
I would look up, and laugh, and love, and lift -
I would look up, and laugh, and love, and lift.

I would be prayerful thru each busy moment;
I would be constantly in touch with God.
I would be tuned to hear His slightest whisper
I would have faith to keep the path Christ trod -
I would have faith to keep the path Christ trod.

383 MAKE ME A CHANNEL OF BLESSING

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Is the love of God flowing thru you?
Are you telling the lost of the Savior?
Are you ready His service to do?

Chorus:
Make me a channel of blessing today,
Make me a channel of blessing, I pray;
My life possessing, my service blessing,
Make me a channel of blessing today.

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Are you burdened for those who are lost?
Have you urged upon those who are straying
The Saviour who died on the cross?

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Is it daily telling for Him?
Have you spoken the word of salvation
To those who are dying in sin?

We cannot be channels of blessing
If our lives are not free from known sin;
We will barriers be and a hindrance
To those we are trying to win.

384 MY JESUS, I LOVE THEE

My Jesus, I love Thee, I know Thou art mine -
For Thee all the follies of sin I resign;
My gracious Redeemer, my Saviour art Thou;
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I love Thee because Thou has first loved me
And purchased my pardon on Calvary's tree;
I love Thee for wearing the thorns on Thy brow;
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I'll love Thee in life, I will love Thee in death,
And praise Thee as long as Thou lendest me breath,
And say when the death-dew lies cold on my brow;
"If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now."

In mansions of glory and endless delight,
I'll ever adore Thee in heaven so bright;
I'll sing with the glittering crown on my brow,
"If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now."

385 MAY THE MIND OF CHRIST, MY SAVIOR

May the mind of Christ my Saviour,
Live in me from day to day,
By His love and pow'r controlling
All I do and say.

May the Word of God dwell richly
In my heart from hour to hour,
So that all may see I triumph
Only through His pow'r.

May the peace of God, my Father,
Rule my life in ev'rything,
That I may be calm to comfort
Sick and sorrowing.

May the love of Jesus fill me,
As the waters fill the sea;
Him exalting, self abasing -
This is victory.

May I run the race before me,
Strong and brave to face the foe,
Looking only unto Jesus
As I onward go.

May His beauty rest upon me
As I seek the lost to win,
And may they forget the channel,
Seeing only Him.

386 BE THOU MY VISION

Be Thou my Vision, O Lord of my heart -
Nought be all else to me, save that Thou art;
Thou my best thought, by day or by night -
Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light.

Be Thou my Wisdom, and Thou my true Word -
I ever with Thee and Thou with me, Lord;
Thou my great Father, I Thy true son -
Thou in me dwelling, and I with Thee one.

Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise -
Thou mine inheritance, now and always:
Thou and Thou only, first in my heart -
High King of Heaven, my Treasure Thou art.

High King of heaven, my victory won,
May I reach heaven's joys, O bright heav'n's Sun!
Heart of my own heart, whatever befall,
Still be my Vision, O Ruler of all.

387 I NEED THEE EVERY HOUR

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Most gracious Lord;
No tender voice like Thine
Can peace afford.

Chorus:
I need Thee, O I need Thee,
Ev'ry hour I need Thee!
O bless me now, my Savior -
I come to Thee!

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Stay Thou near by;
Temptations lose their power
When Thou art nigh.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
In joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide,
Or life is vain.

I need Thee ev'ry hour,
Most Holy One;
O make me Thine indeed,
Thou blessed Son!

388 O FOR A CLOSER WALK WITH GOD

O for a closer walk with God,
A calm and heav'nly frame,
A light to shine upon the road
That leads me to the Lamb.

Return, O holy Dove, return,
Sweet messenger of rest;
I hate the sins that made Thee mourn
And drove Thee from my breast.

The dearest idol I have known,
Whate'er that idol be,
Help me to bear it from Thy throne,
And worship only Thee.

So shall my walk be close with God,
Calm and serene my frame;
So purer light shall mark the road
That leads me to the Lamb.

389 TEACH ME THY WAY, O LORD

Teach me Thy Way, O Lord,
Teach me Thy Way!
Thy guiding grace afford -
Teach me Thy Way!
Help me to walk aright,
More by faith, less by sight;
Lead me with heav'nly light -
Teach me Thy Way!

When I am sad at heart,
Teach me Thy Way!
When earthly joys depart,
Teach me Thy Way!
In hours of loneliness,
In times of dire distress,
In failure or success,
Teach me Thy Way!

When doubts and fears arise,
Teach me Thy Way!
When storms o'erspread the skies,
Teach me Thy Way!
Shine thru the cloud and rain,
Thru sorrow, toil and pain;
Make Thou my pathway plain -
Teach me Thy Way!

Long as my life shall last,
Teach me Thy Way!
Where'er my lot be cast,
Teach me Thy Way!
Until the race is run,
Until the journey's done,
Until the crown is won,
Teach me Thy Way!

390 SOMETHING FOR THEE

Savior, Thy dying love
Thou gavest me,
Nor should I aught withhold,
Dear Lord, from Thee:
In love my soul would bow,
My heart fulfill its vow.
Some off'ring bring Thee now,
Something for Thee.

At the blest mercy seat,
Pleading for me,
My feeble faith looks up,
Jesus, to Thee:
Help me the cross to bear,
The wondrous love declare,
Some song to raise, or prayer,
Something for Thee.

Give me a faithful heart,
Likeness to Thee,
That each departing day
Henceforth may see
Some work of love begun,
Some deed of kindness done,
Some wand'rer sought and won,
Something for Thee.

All that I am and have -
Thy gifts so free -
In joy, in grief, thru life,
Dear Lord, for Thee!
And when Thy face i see,
My ransomed soul shall be,
Thru all eternity,
Something for Thee.

391 MUST JESUS BEAR THE CROSS ALONE?

Must Jesus bear the cross alone,
And all the world go free?
No, there's a cross for ev'ry one,
And there's a cross for me.

The consecrated cross I'll bear
Till death shall set me free,
And then go home my crown to wear,
For there's a crown for me.

Upon the crystal pavement, down
At Jesus' pierced feet,
Joyful I'll cast my golden crown,
And His dear name repeat.

O precious cross! O glorious crown!
O resurrection day!
Ye angels, from the stars come down
And hear my soul away.

392 MORE LOVE TO THEE

More love to Thee, O Christ,
More love to Thee!
Hear Thou the prayer I make
On bended knee:
This is my earnest plea,
More love, O Christ, to Thee.
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

Once earthly joy I craved,
Sought peace and rest:
Now Thee alone I seek;
Give what is best:
This all my prayer shall be:
More love, O Christ, to Thee.
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

Let sorrow do its work,
Send grief and pain;
Sweet are Thy messengers,
Sweet their refrain,
When they can sing with me,
More love, O Christ, to Thee.
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

Then shall my latest breath
Whisper Thy praise;
This be the parting cry
My heart shall raise,
This still its prayer shall be:
More love, O Christ, to Thee.
More love to Thee,
More love to Thee!

393 DEEPER, DEEPER

Deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus
Daily let me go;
Higher, higher in the school of wisdom,
More of grace to know.

O deeper yet, I pray,
And higher ev'ry day,
And wiser, blessed Lord,
In Thy precious, holy Word.

Deeper, deeper! blessed Holy Spirit,
Take me deeper still,
Till my life is wholly lost in Jesus,
And His perfect will.

Deeper, deeper! tho' it cost hard trials,
Deeper let me go!
Rooted in the holy love of Jesus,
Let my fruitful grow.

Deeper, higher, ev'ry day in Jesus,
Till all conflict past,
Finds me conqu'ror, and in His own image
Perfected at last.

394 DEEPER AND DEEPER

Into the heart of Jesus
Deeper and deeper I go,
Seeking to know the reason
Why He should love me so -
Why He should stoop to lift me
Up from the miry clay,
Saving my soul, making me whole,
Tho I had wandered away.

Into the will of Jesus,
Deeper and deeper I go,
Praying for grace to follow,
Seeking His way to know;
Bowing in full surrender
Low at His blessed feet,
Bidding Him take, break me and make,
Till I am molded and meet.

Into the cross of Jesus
Deeper and deeper I go,
Following thru the garden,
Facing the dreaded foe;
Drinking the cup of sorrow -
Sobbing with broken heart,
"O Savior, help! dear Savior, help!
Grace for my weakness impart."

Into the joy of Jesus
Deeper and deeper I go,
Rising, with soul enraptured,
Far from the world below;
Joy in the place of sorrow,
Peace in the midst of pain,
Jesus will give, Jesus will give -
He will uphold and sustain.

Into the love of Jesus
Deeper and deeper I go,
Praising the One who brought me
Out of my sin and woe;
And thru eternal ages
Gratefully I shall sing,
"O how He loved! O how He loved!
Jesus, my Lord and my King!"

395 A HEART LIKE THINE

396 A PASSION FOR SOULS

Give me a passion for souls, dear Lord,
A passion to save the lost;
O that Thy love were by all adored,
And welcomed at any cost!

Chorus:
Jesus, I long, I long to be winning
Men who are lost, and constantly sinning;
O may this hour be one of beginning
The story of pardon to tell.

Tho there are dangers untold and stern
Confronting me in the way,
Willingly still would I go, nor turn,
But trust Thee for grace each day.

How shall this passion for souls be mine?
Lord, make Thou the answer clear;
Help me to throw out the old Life-Line
To those who are struggling near.

397 BEHOLD THE AMAZING GIFT

Behold th' amazing gift of love
The Father hath bestowed
On us, the sinful sons of men,
To call us sons of God.

Concealed as yet this honour lies,
By this dark world unknown,
! world that knew not, when He came,
E'en God's eternal Son.

High is the rank we now possess,
But higher we shall rise;
Though what we shall hereafter be
Is hid from mortal eyes:

Our souls, we know, when He appears,
Shall bear His image bright;
For all his glory, full disclosed,
Shall open to our sight.

A hope so great and so divine
May trials well endure,
And purge the soul from sense and sin,
As Christ Himself is pure.

398 WHITER THAN SNOW

Lord Jesus, I long to be perfectly whole,
I want Thee forever to live in my soul.
Break down ev'ry idol, cast out ev'ry foe -
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

Refrain:
Whiter than snow; yes, whiter than snow -
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, look down from Thy throne in the skies,
And help me to make a complete sacrifice.
I give up myself, and whatever I know -
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, for this I most humbly entreat;
I wait, blessed Lord, at Thy crucified feet.
By faith, for my cleansing I see Thy blood flow -
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, Thou seest I patiently wait;
Come now and within me a new heart create.
To those who have sought Thee Thou never saidst "No" -
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

399 I AM THINE, O LORD

I am thine, O Lord - I have heard Thy voice,
And it told thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Chorus:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the pow'r of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

O the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in pray'r, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with friend.

There are depths of love that I can not know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

400 EVERY MOMENT OF EVERY DAY

Only to be what He wants me to be,
Ev'ry moment of ev'ry day;
Yielded completely to Jesus alone,
Ev'ry step of this pilgrim way:

Just to be clay in the Potter's hands,
Ready to do what His Word commands;
Only to be what He wants me to be,
Ev'ry moment of ev'ry day.

Trusting my Saviour whatever betide,
Ev'ry moment of ev'ry day;
Knowing He's able and ready to guide,
Ev'ry step of this pilgrim way:

Living for Jesus, surrendered and true,
Ev'ry moment of ev'ry day;
Walking with only His pleasure in view,
Ev'ry step of this pilgrim way:

401 YIELD NOT TO TEMPTATION

Yield not to temptation,
For yielding is sin,
Each vict'ry will help you
Some other to win;
Fight manfully onward,
Dark passions subdue,
Look ever to Jesus -
He'll carry you through.

Chorus:
Ask the Savior to help you,
Comfort, strengthen and keep you;
He is willing to aid you -
He will carry you through.

Shun evil companions,
Bad language disdain,
God's name hold in rev'rence,
Nor take it in vain;
Be thoughtful and earnest,
Kindhearted and true,
Look ever to Jesus -
He'll carry you through.

To him that o'ercometh
God giveth a crown,
Thru faith we shall conquer,
Tho often cast down;
He who is our Savior,
Our strength will renew,
Look ever to Jesus -
He'll carry you through.

402 HIS WAY WITH THEE

Would you live for Jesus and be always pure and good?
Would you walk with Him within the narrow road?
Would you have Him bear your burden, carry all your load?
Let Him have His way with thee.

Chorus:
His pow'r can make you ought to be,
His blood can cleanse your heart and make you free,
His love can fill your soul, and you will see
'Twas best for Him to have His way with thee.

Would you have Him make you free, and follow at His call?
Would you know the peace that comes by giving all?
Would you have Him save you, so that you need never fall?
Let Him have His way with thee.

Would you in His kingdom find a place of constant rest?
Would you prove Him true each providential test?
Would you in His service labor always at your best?
Let Him have His way with thee.

403 COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS

When upon life's billows you are tempest-tossed,
When you are discouraged, thinking all is lost,
Count your many blessings - name them one by one,
And it will surprise you, what the Lord hath done.

Chorus:
Count your blessings - name them one by one,
Count your blessings - see what God hath done;
Count your blessings - name them one by one,
Count your many blessings - see what God hath done.

Are you ever burdened with a load of care?
Does the cross seem heavy you are called to bear?
Count your many blessings - ev'ry doubt will fly,
And you will be singing as the days go by.

When you look at others with their lands and gold,
Think that Christ has promised you His wealth untold;
Count your many blessings - money cannot buy
Your reward in heaven, nor your home on high.

So amid the conflict, whether great or small,
Do not be discouraged, God is over all;
Count your many blessings - angels will attend,
Help and comfort give you to your journey's end.

404 LET THE LOWER LIGHTS BE BURNING

Brightly beams our Father's mercy
From His lighthouse evermore,
But to us He gives the keeping
Of the lights along the shore.

Chorus:
Let the lower lights be burning!
Send a gleam across the wave!
Some poor fainting struggling seaman
You may rescue, you may save.

Dark the night of sin has settled,
Loud the angry billows roar;
Eager eyes are watching, longing,
For the lights along the shore.

Trim your feeble lamp, my brother:
Some poor sailor tempest-tossed,
Trying now to make the harbor,
In the darkness may be lost.

405 HAVE I DONE MY BEST FOR JESUS?

I wonder, have I done my best for Jesus,
To think of His great sacrifice at Calv'ry!
I know my Lord expects the best from me.

How many are the lost that I have lifted?
How many are the chained I've helped to free?
I wonder, have I done my best for Jesus,
When He has done so much for me?

The hours that I have wasted are so many,
The hours I've spent for Christ so few,
Because of all my lack of love for Jesus,
I wonder if His heart is breaking too.

I wonder, have I cared enough for others,
Or have I let them die alone?
I might have helped a wand'rer to the Savior,
The seed of precious Life I might have sown.

No longer will I stay within the valley -
I'll climb to mountain heights above;
The world is dying now for want of someone
To tell them of the Savior's matchless love.

406 WHO IS ON THE LORD'S SIDE?

Who is on the Lord's side?
Who will serve the King?
Who will be His helpers,
Other lives to bring?
Who will leave the world's side?
Who will face the foe?
Who is on the Lord's side?
Who for Him will go?
By Thy call of mercy,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side -
Savior, we are Thine!

Not for weight of glory,
Not for crown and palm,
Enter we the army,
Raise the warrior psalm;
But for Love that claimeth
Lives for whom He died:
He whom Jesus nameth
Must be on His side.
By Thy love constraining,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side -
Savior, we are Thine!

Jesus, Thou hast bought us,
Not with gold or gem,
But with Thine own life-blood,
For Thy diadem;
With Thy blessing filling
All who come to Thee,
Thou hast made us willing,
Thou hast made us free.
By Thy grad redemption,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side -
Savior, we are Thine!

Fierce may be the conflict,
Strong may be the foe,
But the King's own army,
None can overthrow;
Round His standard ranging,
Vict'ry is secure,
For His truth unchanging
Makes the triumph sure.
Joyfully enlisting,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side -
Savior, we are Thine!

407 JESUS CALLS US

Jesus calls us; o'er the tumult
Of our life's wild restless sea;
Day by day His sweet voice soundeth,
Saying, "Christian, follow Me."

Jesus calls us from the worship
Of the vain world's goldne store,
From each idol that would keep us,
Saying, "Christian, love Me more."

In our joys and in our sorrows,
Days of toil and hours of ease,
Still He calls, in cares and pleasures,
"Christian, love Me more than these."

Jesus calls us: by Thy mercies,
Savior, may we hear Thy call,
Give our hearts to Thy obedience,
Serve and love Thee best of all.

408 I GAVE MY LIFE FOR THEE

I gave My life for thee,
My precious blood I shed,
That thou might'st ransomed be,
And quickened from the dead;
I gave, I gave My life for thee -
What hast thou giv'n for Me?

My Father's house of light,
My glory-circled throne
I left, for earthly night,
For wanderings sad and lone;
I left, I left it all for thee -
Hast thou left aught for Me?

I suffered much for thee,
More than thy tongue can tell,
Of bitt'rest agony,
To rescue thee from hell;
I've borne, I've borne it all for thee -
What hast thou borne for Me?

And I have brought to thee,
Down from My home above,
Salvation full and free,
My pardon and My love;
I bring, I bring rich gifts to thee -
What hast thou brought to Me?

409 TAKE TIME TO BE HOLY

Take time to be holy,
Speak oft with thy Lord;
Abide in Him always,
And feed on His Word.
Make friends of God's children;
Help those who are weak;
Forgetting in nothing
His blessing to seek.

Take time to be holy,
The world rushes on;
Spend much time in secret
With Jesus alone.
By looking to Jesus,
Like Him thou shalt be;
Thy friends in thy conduct
His likeness shall see.

Take time to be holy,
Let Him be thy Guide,
And run not before Him,
Whatever betide;
In joy or in sorrow,
Still follow thy Lord,
And, looking to Jesus,
Still trust in His Word.

Take time to be holy,
Be calm in thy soul -
Each thought and each motive
Beneath His control.
Thus led by His Spirit
To fountains of love,
Thou soon shalt be fitted
For service above.

410 STAND UP FOR JESUS

Stand up, stand up, for Jesus,
Ye soldiers of the cross!
Lift high His royal banner -
It must not suffer loss.
From vict'ry unto vict'ry
His army shall He lead;
Till ev'ry foe is vanquished,
And Christ is Lord indeed.

Chorus:
Stand up for Jesus,
Ye soldiers of the cross!
Lift you His royal banner -
It must not, it must not suffer loss!

Stand up, stand up, for Jesus,
The trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict
In this His glorious day:
Ye that are men now serve Him
Against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger,
and strength to strength oppose.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
The strife will not be long;
This day the noise of battle -
The next, the victor's song.
To Him that overcometh
A crown of life shall be:
He with the King of glory
Shall reign eternally.

411 STAND UP FOR JESUS

Stand up, stand up, for Jesus,
Ye soldiers of the cross!
Lift high His royal banner -
It must not suffer loss.
From vict'ry unto vict'ry
His army shall He lead;
Till ev'ry foe is vanquished,
And Christ is Lord indeed.

Stand up, stand up, for Jesus,
The trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict
In this His glorious day:
Ye that are men now serve Him
Against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger,
and strength to strength oppose.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
Stand in His strength alone;
The arm of flesh will fail you -
Ye dare not trust your own.
Put on the gospel armor,
Each piece put on with prayer;
Where duty calls or danger,
Be never wanting there.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus,
The strife will not be long;
This day the noise of battle -
The next, the victor's song.
To Him that overcometh
A crown of life shall be:
He with the King of glory
Shall reign eternally.

412 FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT

Fight the good fight with all thy might!
Christ is thy strength, and Christ thy right:
Lay hold on life, and it shall be
Thy joy and crown eternally.

Run the straight race thru God's good grace,
Lift up thine eyes, and seek His face;
Life with its way before us lies,
Christ is the path and Christ the prize.

Cast care aside, lean on thy Guide,
His boundless mercy will provide;
Trust, and the trusting soul shall prove
Christ is its life and Christ its love.

Faint not nor fear, For He is near,
He changeth not, and thou art dear;
Only believe, and thou shalt see
That Christ is all in all to thee.

413 RISE UP, O MEN OF GOD!

Rise up, O men of God!
Have done with lesser things;
Give heart and mind and soul and strength
To serve the King of kings.

Rise up, O men of God!
His kingdom tarries long;
Bring in the day of brotherhood
And end the night of wrong.

Rise up, O men of God!
The Church for you doth wait,
Her strength unequal to her task;
Rise up and make her great!

Lift high the cross of Christ!
Tread where His feet have trod;
As brothers of the Son of Man,
Rise up, O men of God!

414 IS YOUR ALL ON THE ALTAR?

You have longed for sweet peace, and for faith to increase,
And have earnestly, fervently prayed;
But you cannot have rest or be perfectly blest
Until all on the altar is laid.

Chorus:
Is your all on the altar of sacrifice laid?
Your heart does the Spirit control?
You can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest
As you yield Him your body and soul.

Would you walk with the Lord, in the light of His Word,
And have peace and contentment alway?
You must do His sweet will, to be free from all ill -
On the altar your all you must lay.

O we never can know what the Lord will bestow
Of the blessings for which we have prayed,
Till our body and soul He doth fully control,
And our all on the altar is laid.

Who can tell all the love He will send from above,
And how happy our hearts will be made,
Of the fellowship sweet we shall share at His feet,
When our all on the altar is laid!

415 WHERE HE LEADS I'LL FOLLOW

Sweet are the promises,
Kind is the word;
Dearer far than any message man ever heard;
Pure was the mind of Christ,
Sinless I see;
He the great example is, and pattern for me.

Chorus:
Where He leads I'll follow,
Follow all the way.
Where He leads I'll follow,
Follow Jesus ev'ry day.

Sweet is the tender love
Jesus hath shown,
Sweeter far than any love that mortals have known;
Kind to the erring one,
Faithful is He;
He the great example is, and pattern for me.

List to His loving words,
"Come unto me!"
Weary, heavy-laden, there is sweet rest for thee;
Trust in His promises,
Faithful and sure;
Lean upon the Savior, and thy soul is secure.

416 WHEREVER HE LEADS I'LL GO

417 IF JESUS GOES WITH ME

It may be in the valley, where countless dangers hide;
It may be in the sunshine that I, in peace, abide;
But this one thing I know -if it be dark or fair,
If Jesus is with me, I'll go anywhere!

Chorus:
If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere!
'Tis Heaven to me,
Where'er I may be,
If He is there!
I count it a privilege here,
His cross to bear,
If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere!

It may be I must carry the blessed Word of life
Across the burning deserts to those in sinful strife;
And tho' it be my lot to bear my colors there,
If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere!

But if it be my portion to bear my cross at home,
While others bear their burdens beyond the billow's foam,
I'll prove my faith in Him - confess His judgments fair,
And, if He stays with me, I'll stay anywhere!

It is not mine to question the judgments of my Lord,
It is but mine to follow the leadings of His Word;
But if to go or stay, or whether here or there,
I'll be, with my Savior, content anywhere!

418 O JESUS, I HAVE PROMISED

O Jesus, I have promised to serve Thee to the end;
Be Thou forever near me, my Master and my Friend.
I shall not fear the battle if Thou art by my side,
Nor wander from the pathway if Thou wilt be my guide.

O let me feel Thee near me - the world is ever near;
I see the sights that dazzle, the tempting sounds I hear.
My foes are ever near me, around me and within;
But, Jesus, draw Thou nearer, and shield my soul from sin.

O Jesus, Thou hast promised to all who follow Thee,
That where Thou art in glory, there shall Thy servant be.
And Jesus, I have promised to serve Thee to the end:
O give me grace to follow, my Master and my Friend.

419 TAKE MY LIFE AND LET IT BE

Take my life and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee;
Take my hands and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love.
At the impulse of Thy love.

Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee;
Take my voice and let me sing
Always. only,for my King;
Always. only,for my King.

Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages for Thee;
Take my silver and my gold -
Not a mite would I withhold,
Not a mite would I withhold.

Take my love, my God, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store;
Take myself - and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee;
Ever, only, all for Thee.

420 I SURRENDER ALL

All to Jesus I surrender,
All to him I freely give;
I will ever love and trust Him,
In His presence daily live.

Chorus:
I surrender all,
I surrender all;
All to Thee, my blessed Savior,
I surrender all.

All to Jesus I surrender,
Humbly at His feet I bow;
Worldly pleasure all forsaken,
Take me, Jesus, take me now.

All to Jesus I surrender,
Make me, Savior, wholly Thine;
Let me feel the Holy Spirit -
Truly know that Thou art mine.

All to Jesus I surrender,
Lord, I give myself to Thee;
Fill me with Thy love and power,
Let Thy blessing fall on me.

421 HAVE THINE OWN WAY, LORD!

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own way!
Thou art the Potter,
I am the clay
Mold me and make me
After Thy will,
While I am waiting,
Yielded and still.

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own way!
Search me and try me,
Master, today!
Whiter than snow, Lord,
Wash me just now,
As in Thy presence
Humbly I bow.

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own Way!
Wounded and weary,
Help me, I pray!
Power, all power,
Surely is Thine!
Touch me and heal me,
Savior divine!

Have Thine own way, Lord!
Have Thine own way!
Hold o'er my being
Absolute sway!
Fill with Thy Spirit
Till all shall see
Christ only, always,
Living in me!

422 FOLLOW ON

Down in the valley with my Savior I would go,
Where the flowers are blooming and the sweet waters flow;
Ev'rywhere He leads me I would follow, follow on,
Walking in His footsteps till the crown be won.

Chorus:
Follow! follow! I will follow Jesus!
Anywhere, ev'rywhere, I will follow on!
Follow! follow! I will follow Jesus!
Ev'rywhere He leads me I will follow on!

Down in the valley with my Savior I would go,
Where the storms are sweeping and the dark waters flow;
With His hand to lead me I will never, never fear,
Danger cannot fright me if my Lord is near.

Down in the valley or upon the mountain steep,
Close beside my Savior would my soul ever keep;
He will lead me safely in the path that He has trod,
Up to where they gather on the hills of God.

423 FOLLOW, I WILL FOLLOW THEE

424 WHERE HE LEADS ME

I can hear my Savior calling,
I can hear my Savior calling,
I can hear my Savior calling,
"Take thy cross and follow, follow Me."

Chorus:
Where He leads me I will follow,
Where He leads me I will follow,
Where He leads me I will follow -
I'll go with Him, with Him all the way.

I'll go with Him thru the garden,
I'll go with Him thru the garden,
I'll go with Him thru the garden,
I'll go with Him, with Him all the way.

I'll go with Him thru the judgment,
I'll go with Him thru the judgment,
I'll go with Him thru the judgment,
I'll go with Him, with Him all the way. [Chorus[

He will give me grace and glory,
He will give me grace and glory,
He will give me grace and glory,
And go with me, with me all the way.

425 TAKE THE WORLD, BUT GIVE ME JESUS

Take the world, but give me Jesus -
All its joys are but a name;
But His love abideth ever,
Thru eternal years the same.

Chorus:
O the height and depth of mercy!
O the length and breadth of love!
O the fullness of redemption -
Pledge of endless life above!

Take the world, but give me Jesus -
Sweetest comfort of my soul;
With my Savior watching o'er me,
I can sing tho billows roll.

Take the world, but give me Jesus -
Let me view His constant smile;
Then thruout my pilgrim journey
Light will cheer me all the while.

Take the world, but give me Jesus -
In His cross my trust shall be;
Till, with clearer, brighter vision,
Face to face my Lord I see.

426 ALL FOR JESUS

All for Jesus, all for Jesus!
All my being's ransom'd pow'rs:
All my tho'ts and words and doings,
All my days and all my hours:
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
All my days and all my hours;
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
All my days and all my hours.

Let my hands perform His bidding,
Let my feet run in His ways;
Let my eyes see Jesus only,
Let my lips speak forth His praise:
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
Let my lips speak forth his praise;
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
Let my lips speak forth his praise.

Since my eyes were fixed on Jesus,
I've lost sight of all beside,
So enchained my spirit's vision,
Looking at the Crucified:
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
All for Jesus, Crucified;
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
All for Jesus, Crucified.

O what wonder! how amazing!
Jesus, glorious King of kings,
Deigns to call me his beloved,
Lets me rest beneath His wings:
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
Resting now beneath His wings;
All for Jesus! all for Jesus!
Resting now beneath His wings.

427 ALL FOR JESUS

All for Jesus - all for Jesus,
This our song shall ever be;
For we have not hope, nor Saviour,
If we have not hope in Thee.

All for Jesus - Thou wilt give us
Strength to serve Thee hour by hour;
None can move us from Thy presence
While we trust Thy love and power.

All for Jesus - at Thine altar
Thou wilt give us sweet content;
There, dear Lord, we shall receive Thee
In the solemn Sacrament.

All for Jesus - Thou hast love us;
All for Jesus Thou hast died;
All for Jesus Thou art with us;
All for Jesus Crucified.

All for Jesus - all for Jesus
This the Church's song must be
Till, at last her sons are gathered
One in love and one in Thee.

428 I HAVE DECIDED TO FOLLOW JESUS

I have decided to follow Jesus,
I have decided to follow Jesus,
I have decided to follow Jesus -
No turning back, no turning back!

Tho no one join me, still I will follow,
Tho no one join me, still I will follow,
Tho' no one joine me, still I will follow,
No turning back, no turning back!

The world behind me, the cross before me,
The world behind me, the cross before me,
The world behind me, the cross before me,
No turning back, no turning back!

429 WE HAVE NOT KNOWN THEE AS WE OUGHT

We have not known Thee as we ought,
Nor learned Thy wisdom, grace and pow'r;
The things of earth have filled our thought,
And trifles of the passing hour.
Lord, give us light Thy truth to see,
And make us wise in knowing Thee.

We have not feared Thee as we ought,
Nor bowed beneath Thine awful eye;
Nor guarded deed, and word, and thought,
Remembering that God was nigh.
Lord, give us faith to know Thee near,
And grant the grace of holy fear.

We have not loved Thee as we ought,
Nor cared that we are loved by Thee;
Thy presence we have coldly sought,
And feebly longed Thy face to see.
Lord, give a pure and loving heart
To feel and know the love Thou art.

We have not served Thee as we ought,
Alas! the duties left undone,
The work with little fervor wrought,
The battles lost, or scarcely won!
Lord, give the zeal, and give the might,
For Thee to toil, for Thee to fight.

When shall we know Thee as we ought,
And fear, and love, and serve aright?
When shall we, out of trial brought,
Be perfect in the land of light?
Lord, may we day by day prepare
To see Thy face, and serve Thee there.

Amen.

430 JUST AS I AM

Just as I am, Thine own to be,
Friend of the young, Who lovest me,
To consecrate myself to Thee, -
O Jesus Christ, I come.

In the glad morning of my day,
My life to give, my vows o pay,
With no reserve and no delay, -
With all my heart I come.

I would live ever in the light,
I would work ever for the right,
I would serve Thee with all my might,
Therefore to Thee I come.

Just as I am, young, strong, and free,
To be the best that I can be
For truth, and righteousness and Thee,
Lord of my life, I come.

And for Thy sake to win renown,
And then to take the victor's crown,
And at Thy feet to lay it down,
O Master, Lord - I come.

431 JESUS, I MY CROSS HAVE TAKEN

Jesus, I my cross have taken,
All to leave and follow Thee;
Destitute, despised, forsaken -
Thou from hence my all shalt be.
Perish ev'ry fond ambition -
All I've sought, or hoped, or known!
Yet how rich is my condition -
God and heav'n are still my own!

Let the world despise and leave me,
They have left my Savior too;
Human hearts and looks deceive me -
Thou art not, like man, untrue.
And while Thou shalt smile upon me
God of wisdom, love, and might,
Foes may hate, and friends may shun me -
Show Thy face, and all is bright!

Man may trouble and distress me,
'Twill but drive me to Thy breast;
Life with trials hard may press me -
Heav'n will bring me sweeter rest.
O 'tis not in grief to harm me
While Thy love is left to me;
O 'twere not in joy to charm me,
Were that joy unmixed with Thee!

Haste thee on from grace to glory,
Armed by faith and winged by prayer;
Heav'n's eternal day's before thee -
God's own hand shall guide thee there.
Soon shall close thy earthly mission,
Soon shall pass thy pilgrim days;
Hope shall change to glad fruition,
Faith to sight, and prayer to praise!

432 FAITH OF OUR FATHERS

Faith of our fathers, living still
In spite of dungeon, fire and sword -
O how our hearts beat high with joy
Whene'er we hear that glorious word!
Faith of our fathers, holy faith,
We will be true to thee till death!

Our fathers, chained in prisons dark,
Were still in heart and conscience free:
How sweet would be their children's fate
If they, like them, could die for thee!
Faith of our fathers, holy faith,
We will be true to thee till death!

Faith of our fathers! we will love
Both friend and foe in all our strife;
And preach thee too, as love knows how,
By kindly deeds and virtuous life.
Faith of our fathers, holy faith,
We will be true to thee till death!

433 AM I A SOLDIER OF THE CROSS?

Am I a soldier of the cross?
A foll'wer of the Lamb?
And shall I fear to own His cause,
Or blush to speak His name?

Must I be carried to the skies
On flow'ry beds of ease,
While others fought to win the prize
And sailed thru bloody seas?

Are there no foes for me to face?
Must I not stem the flood?
Is this vile world a friend to grace,
To help me on to God?

Sure I must fight if I would reign -
Increase my courage, Lord!
I'll bear the toil, endure the pain,
Supported by Thy Word.

434 SAVIOR, MORE THAN LIFE TO ME

Savior, more than life to me,
I am clinging, clinging, close to Thee;
Let Thy precious blood applied,
Keep me ever, ever near Thy side.

Chorus:
Ev'ry day, ev'ry hour,
Let me feel Thy cleansing pow'r;
May Thy tender love to me
Bind me closer, closer, Lord to Thee.

Thru this changing world below,
Lead me gently, gently as I go;
Trusting Thee, I cannot stray -
I can never, never lose my way.

Let me love Thee more and more,
Till this fleeting, fleeting life is o'er;
Till my soul is lost in love,
In a brighter, brighter world above.

435 THE BANNER OF THE CROSS

There's a royal banner given for display
To the soldiers of the King;
As an ensign fair we lift it up today,
While as ransomed ones we sing.

Chorus:
Marching on, marching on,
For Christ count ev'rything but loss!
And to crown Him King, toil and sing
'Neath the banner of the cross!

Though the foe may rage and gather as the flood,
Let the standard be displayed;
And beneath its folds, as soldiers of the Lord,
For the truth be not dismayed.

Over land and sea, wherever man may dwell,
Make the glorious tidings known;
Of the crimson banner now the story tell,
While the Lord shall claim His own.

When the glory dawns - 'tis drawing very near -
It is hast'ning day by day -
Then before our King the foe shall disappear,
And the cross the world shall sway.

436 SOUND THE BATTLE CRY!

Sound the battle cry! see -  the foe is nigh!
Raise the standard high for the Lord:
Gird your armor on, stand firm, ev'ryone;
Rest your cause upon His holy Word.

Chorus:
Rouse, then, soldiers, rally round the banner!
Ready, steady - pass the word along;
Onward, forward, shout aloud Hosanna!
Christ is Captain of the mighty throng!

Strong to meet the foe, marching on we go,
While our cause, we know, must prevail;
Shield and banner bright, gleaming in the light,
Battling for the right we ne'er can fail.

O Thou God of all, hear us when we call,
Help us one and all by Thy grace;
When the battle's done and the vict'ry won,
May we wear the crown before Thy face.

437 ONWARD, CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS

Onward, Christian solders,
marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus
Going on before!
Christ, the royal Master,
Leads against the foe;
Forward into battle,
See His banners go!

Refrain:
Onward, Christian soldiers,
Marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus
Going on before!

At the sign of triumph
Satan's host doth flee;
On, then, Christian soldiers,
On to victory!
Hell's foundations quiver
At the shout of praise;
Brothers, lift your voices,
Loud your anthems raise!

Like a mighty army
Moves the Church of God;
Brothers, we are treading
Where the saints have trod.
We are not divided,
All one body we -
One in hope, and doctrine,
One in charity.

Onward, then, ye people,
Join our happy throng;
Blend with ours your voices
In the triumph song.
Glory, laud, and honor
Unto Christ the King -
This thru countless ages
Men and Angels sing.

438 THE SON OF GOD GOES FORTH TO WAR

The Son of God goes forth to war,
A kingly crown to gain;
His blood-red banner streams afar:
Who follows in His train?
Who best can drink his cup of woe,
Triumphant over pain,
Who patient bears his cross below,
He follows in His train.

The martyr first, whose eagle eye
Could pierce beyond the grave,
Who saw his Master in the sky
And called on Him to save -
Like Him, with pardon on his tongue
In midst of mortal pain,
He prayed for them that did the wrong:
Who follows in his train?

A glorious band, the chosen few
On whom the Spirit came,
Twelve valiant saints, their hope they knew,
And mocked the cross and flame -
They met the tyrant's brandish'd steel,
The lion's gory mane,
They bow'd their necks the death to feel:
Who follows in their train?

A noble army, men and boys,
The matron and the maid,
Around the Savior's throne rejoice,
In robes of light arrayed -
They climbed the steep ascent of heav'n
Thru peril, toil, and pain:
O God, to us may grace be giv,n
To follow in their train!

439 I'M A SOLDIER

440 LEAD ON, O KING ETERNAL

Lead on, O King Eternal,
The day of march has come!
Henceforth in fields of conquest
Thy tents shall be our home:
Thru days of preparation
Thy grace has made us strong,
And now, O King Eternal,
We lift our battle song.

Lead on, O King Eternal,
Till sin's fierce war shall cease
And Holiness shall whisper
The sweet Amen of peace;
For not with swords loud clashing
Nor roll of stirring drums -
But deeds of love and mercy
The heavenly kingdom comes.

Lead on, O King Eternal,
We follow - not with fears!
For gladness breaks like morning
Where'er Thy face appears;
Thy cross is lifted o'er us -
We journey in its light:
The crown awaits the conquest -
Lead on, O God of might.

441 FAITH IS THE VICTORY

Encamped along the hills of light,
Ye Christian soldiers, rise,
And press the battle ere the night
Shall veil the glowing skies.
Against the foe in vales below,
Let all our strength be hurled;
Faith is the victory, we know,
That overcomes the world.

Chorus:
Faith is the victory!
Faith is the victory!
Oh, glorious victory,
That overcomes the world.

His banner over us is love,
Our sword the Word of God;
We tread the road the saints above
With shouts of triumph trod.
By faith they, like a whirlwind's breath,
Swept on o'er ev'ry field;
The faith by which they conquered death
Is still our shining shield.

On ev'ry hand the foe we find
Drawn up in dread array;
Let tents of ease be left behind,
And onward to the fray;
Salvation's helmet on each head,
With truth all girt about:
The earth shall tremble 'neath our tread,
And echo with our shout.

To him that overcomes the foe
White raiment shall be giv'n;
Before the angels he shall know
His name confessed in heav'n.
Then onward from the hills of light,
Our hearts with love aflame,
We'll vanquish all the hosts of night,
In Jesus' conquering name.

442 SOLDIERS OF CHRIST, ARISE

Soldiers of Christ, arise
And put your armor on,
Strong in the strength which God supplies
Thru His eternal Son;
Strong in the Lord of hosts
And in His mighty pow'r.
Who in the strength of Jesus trusts
Is more than conqueror.

Stand then in His great might,
With all His strength endued,
And take, to arm you for the fight,
The panoply of God;
That having all things done,
And all our conflicts past,
Ye may o'ercome thru Christ alone
And stand entire at last.

Leave no unguarded place,
No weakness of the soul;
Take ev'ry virtue, ev'ry grace.
And fortify the whole.
From strength to strength go on,
Wrestle and fight and pray;
Tread all the pow'rs of darkness down
And win the well-fought day.

443 SOLDIERS OF CHRIST

Soldiers of Christ! arise
And put your armour on,
Strong in the strength which God supplies
Through His eternal Son;
Strong in the Lord of hosts
And in His mighty power.
Who in the strength of Jesus trusts
Is more than conqueror.

Stand then, in His great might,
With all His strength endued;
And take, to arm you for the fight,
The panoply of God.
To keep your armour bright
Attend with constant care,
Still walking in your Captain's sight,
And watching unto prayer.

From strength to strength go on;
Wrestle, and fight, and pray;
Tread all the powers of darkness down,
And win the well-fought day, -
That, having all things done,
And all your conflicts passed,
Ye may o'er come through Christ alone,
And stand complete at last.

Amen.

444 HOLD THE FORT

Ho, my comrades, see the signal
Waving in the sky!
Reinforcements now appearing,
Victory is nigh.

Chorus:
"Hold the fort, for I am coming,"
Jesus signals still;
Wave the answer back to heaven,--
"By Thy grace we will!"

See the mighty host advancing,
Satan leading on;
Mighty men around us falling,
Courage almost gone.

See the glorious banner waving!
Hear the bugle blow!
In our Leader's name we triumph
Over ev'ry foe.

Fierce and long the battle rages,
But our Help is near;
Onward comes our Great Commander -
Cheer, my comrades, cheer!

445 O MASTER, LET ME WALK WITH THEE

O Master, let me walk with Thee
In lowly paths of service free;
Tell me Thy secret - help me bear
The strain of toil, the fret of care.

Help me the slow of heart to move
By some clear, winning word of love;
Teach me the wayward feet to stay
And guide them in the homeward way.

Teach me Thy patience! still with Thee
In closer, dearer company,
In work that keeps faith sweet and strong,
In trust that triumphs over wrong.

In hope that sends a shining ray
Far down the future's broad'ning way,
In peace that only Thou canst give,
With Thee, O Master, let me live.

446 LORD, SPEAK TO ME

Lord, speak to me, that I may speak
In living echoes of Thy tone;
As Thou hast sought, so let me seek,
Thy erring children lost and lone.

O lead me, Lord, that I may lead
The wand'ring and the wav'ring feet;
O feed me, Lord, that I may feed
Thy hung'ring ones with manna sweet.

O teach me, Lord, that I may teach
The precious things Thou dost impart;
And wing my words, that they may reach
The hidden depths of many a heart.

O fill me with Thy fullness, Lord,
Until my very heart o'erflow
In kindling tho't and glowing word,
Thy love to tell, Thy praise to show.

O use me, Lord, use even me
Just as Thou wilt, and when, and where,
Until Thy blessed face I see -
Thy rest, Thy joy, Thy glory share.

447 BRING THEM IN

Hark! 'tis the Shepherd's voice I hear,
Out in the desert dark and drear,
Calling the sheep who've gone astray
Far from the Shepherd's fold away.

Chorus:
Bring them in, Bring them in,
Bring them in from the fields of sin;
Bring them in, Bring them in,
Bring the wand'ring ones to Jesus.

Who'll go and help this Shepherd kind,
Help Him the wand'ring ones to find?
Who'll bring the lost ones to the fold,
Where they'll be sheltered from the cold?

Out in the desert hear their cry,
Out on the mountains wild and high,
Hark! 'tis the Master speaks to thee,
"Go find my sheep where'er they be."

448 THE KING'S BUSINESS

I am a stranger here, within a foreign land,
My home is far away, upon a golden strand;
Ambassador to be of realms beyond the sea,
I'm here on business for my King.

Chorus:
This is the message that I bring,
A message angels fain would sing;
"Oh, be ye reconciled"
Thus saith my Lord and King,
"Oh, be ye reconciled to God."

This is the King's command, that all men everywhere,
Repent and turn away, from sin's seductive snare;
That all who will obey, with Him shall reign for aye,
And that's my business for my King.

My home is righter far than Sharon's rosy plain,
Eternal life and joy throughout its vast domain;
My Sovereign bids me tell how mortals there may dwell,
And that's my business for my King.

449 FROM GREENLAND'S ICY MOUNTAINS

From Greenland's icy mountains,
From India's coral strand,
Where Afric's sunny fountains
Roll down their golden sand,
From many an ancient river,
From many a palmy plain,
They call us to deliver
Their land from error's chain.

What though the spicy breezes
Blow soft o'er Ceylon's isle,
Though ev'ry prospect pleases
And only man is vile;
In vain with lavish kindness
The gifts of God are strown,
The heathen in his blindness
Bows down to wood and stone.

Shall we, whose souls are lighted
With wisdom from on high,
Shall we to men benighted
The lamp of life deny?
Salvation! O salvation!
The joyful sound proclaim,
Till earth's remotest nation
Has learned Messiah's name.

Waft, waft, ye winds, His story,
And you, ye waters, roll,
Till like a sea of glory
It spreads from pole to pole,
Till o'er our ransomed nature
The Lamb for sinners slain,
Redeemer, King, Creator,
In bliss returns to reign.

450 TO THE WORK!

To the work! to the work! we are servants of God,
Let us follow the path that our Master has trod;
With the balm of His counsel our strength to renew,
Let us do with our might what our hands find to do.

Chorus:
Toiling on, toiling on,
Toiling on, toiling on;
Let us hope, let us watch,
And labor till the Master comes.

To the work! to the work! let the hungry be fed;
To the fountain of life let the weary be led;
In the cross and its banner our glory shall be,
While we herald the tidings, "Salvation is free!"

To the work! to the work! there is labor for all,
For the kingdom of darkness and error shall fall;
And the name of Jehovah exalted shall be,
In the loud swelling chorus, "Salvation is free!"

To the work! to the work! in the strength of the Lord,
And a robe and a crown shall our labor reward
When the home of the faithful our dwelling shall be
And we shout with the ransomed, "Salvation is free!"

451 READY

Ready to suffer grief or pain,
Ready to stand the test;
Ready to stay at home and send
Others if He sees best.

Refrain:
Ready to go, ready to stay,
Ready my place to fill;
Ready for service lowly or great,
Ready to do His will.

Ready to go, ready to bear,
Ready to watch and pray;
Ready to stand aside and give
Till He shall clear the way.

Ready to speak, ready to think,
Ready with heart and mind;
Ready to stand where He sees fit,
Ready His will to find.

Ready to speak, ready to warn,
Ready o'er souls to yearn;
Ready in life or ready in death,
Ready for His return.

452 RESCUE THE PERISHING

Rescue the perishing, care for the dying,
Snatch them in pity from sin and the grave;
Weep o'er the erring one, lift up the fallen,
Tell them of Jesus, the mighty to save.

Chorus:
Rescue the perishing,
Care for the dying;
Jesus is merciful,
Jesus will save!

Tho they are slighting Him, still He is waiting,
Waiting the penitent child to receive.
Plead with them earnestly, plead with them gently,
He will forgive if they only believe.

Down in the human heart, crushed by the tempter,
Feelings lie buried that grace can restore.
Touched by a loving heart, wakened by kindness,
Chords that are broken will vibrate once more.

Rescue the perishing, duty demands it -
Strength for thy labor the Lord will provide;
Back to the narrow way patiently win them,
Tell the poor wand'rer a Savior has died.

453 I LOVE TO TELL THE STORY

I love to tell the story
Of unseen things above,
Of Jesus and His glory,
Of Jesus and His love.
I love to tell the story
Because I know 'tis true,
It satisfies my longings,
As nothing else can do.

Refrain:
I love to tell the story!
'Twill be my theme in glory -
To tell the old, old story
Of Jesus and His love.

I love to tell the story -
More wonderful it seems
Than all the golden fancies
Of all our golden dreams;
I love to tell the story -
It did so much for me,
And that is just the reason
I tell it now to thee.

I love to tell the story -
'Tis pleasant to repeat
What seems, each time I tell it,
More wonderfully sweet;
I love to tell the story
For some have never heard
The message of salvation
From God's own holy Word.

I love to tell the story,
For those who know it best
Seem hungering and thirsting
To hear it like the rest;
And when in scenes of glory
I sing the new, new song,
'Twill be the old, old story
That I have loved so long.

454 MAKE ME A BLESSING

455 GO YE INTO ALL THE WORLD

Far, far away, in death and darkness dwelling,
Millions of souls forever may be lost;
Who, who will go, salvation's story telling,
Looking to Jesus, ininding not the cost?

Chorus:
"All pow'r is given unto Me,
All pow'r is given unto Me,
Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel,
And lo, I am with you alway."

See o'er the world wide open doors inviting -
Soldiers of Christ, arise and enter in!
Christians, awake! your forces all uniting,
Send forth the Gospel, break the chains of sin.

"Why will ye die?" the voice of God is calling;
"Why will you die?" re-echo in His name;
Jesus has died to save from death appalling,
Life and salvation, therefore, go proclaim.

God speed the day, when those of ev'ry nation
"Glory to God!" triumphantly shall sing;
Ransomed, redeemed, rejoicing in salvation,
Shout "Hallelujah, for the Lord is King!"

456 IN CHRIST THERE IS NO EAST OR WEST

In Christ there is no East or West,
In Him no South or North,
But one great fellowship of Love
Thruout the whole wide earth.

In Him shall true hearts ev'rywhere
Their high communion find;
His service is the golden cord
Close-binding all mankind.

Join hands then, brothers of the faith,
Whate'er your race may be;
Who serves my Father as a son
Is surely kin to me.

In Christ now meet both East and West,
In Him meet South and North;
All Christly souls are one in Him
Thruout the whole wide earth.

457 MUST I GO, AND EMPTY-HANDED?

Must I go, and empty-handed,
Thus my dear Redeemer meet?
Not one day of service give Him,
Lay no trophy at His feet?

Chorus:
Must I go, and empty-handed?
Must I meet my Savior so?
Not one soul with which to greet Him -
Must I empty-handed go?

Not at death I shrink nor falter,
For my Savior saves me now;
But to meet Him empty-handed,
Tho't of that now clouds my brow.

O the years in sinning wasted!
Could I but recall them now,
I would give them to my Savior -
To His will I'd gladly bow.

O ye saints, arouse, be earnest,
Up and work while yet 'tis day;
Ere the night of death o'ertake thee,
Strive for souls while still you may.

458 THE CALL FOR REAPERS

Far and near the fields are teeming
With the waves of ripened grain;
Far and near their gold is gleaming
O'er the sunny slope and plain.

Chorus:
Lord of harvest, send forth reapers!
Hear us, Lord, to Thee we cry;
Send them now the sheaves to gather,
Ere the harvest-time pass by.

Send them forth with morn's first beaming,
Send them in the noontide's glare;
When the sun's last rays are gleaming,
Bid them gather ev'rywhere.

O thou, whom thy Lord is sending,
Gather now the sheaves of gold;
Heav'nward then at evening wending,
Thou shalt come with joy untold.

459 SO SEND I YOU

460 SEND THE LIGHT!

There's a call comes ringing o'er the restless wave,
"Send the light! Send the light!"
There are souls to rescue, there are souls to save,
Send the light! Send the light!

Chorus:
Send the light the blessed gospel light;
Let it shine from shore to shore!
Send the light the blessed gospel light;
Let it shine forevermore!

We have heard the Macedonian call today,
"Send the light! Send the light!"
And a golden off'ring at the cross we lay,
Send the light! Send the light!

Let us pray that grace may ev'rywhere abound,
Send the light! Send the light!
And a Christ-like spirit ev'rywhere be found,
Send the light! Send the light!

Let us not grow weary in the work of love,
Send the light! Send the light!
Let us gather jewels for a crown above,
Send the light! Send the light!

461 O ZION, HASTE

O Zion, haste, thy mission high fulfilling,
To tell to all the world that God is Light;
That He who made all nations is not willing
One soul should perish, lost in shades of night.

Refrain:
Publish glad tidings,
Tidings of peace,
Tidings of Jesus,
Redemption and release.

Behold how many thousands still are lying
Bound in the darksome prison-house of sin,
With none to tell them of the Savior's dying
Or of the life he died for them to win.

Proclaim to ev'ry people, tongue and nation
That God, in whom they live and move is Love:
Tell how He stooped to save His lost creation,
And died on earth that man might live above.

Give of thy sons to bear the message glorious,
Give of thy wealth to speed them it on its way;
Pour out thy soul for them in prayer victorious,
And all thou spendest Jesus will repay.

462 WE'VE A STORY TO TELL

We've a story to tell to the nations
That shall turn their hearts to the right,
A story of truth and mercy,
A story of peace and light,
A story of peace and light.

Chorus:
For the darkness shall turn to dawning,
And the dawning to noonday bright,
And Christ's great kingdom shall come to earth,
The kingdom of love and light.

We've a song to be sung to the nations
That shall lift their hearts to the Lord,
A song that shall conquer evil
And shatter the spear and sword,
And shatter the spear and sword.

We've a message to give to the nations -
That the Lord who reigneth above
Hath sent us His Son to save us
And show us that God is love,
And show us that God is love.

We've a Savior to show to the nations
Who the path of sorrow hath trod,
That all of the world's great peoples
Might come to the truth of God,
Might come to the truth of God.

463 ANYWHERE WITH JESUS

Anywhere with Jesus I can safely go,
Anywhere He leads me in this world below;
Anywhere without Him dearest joys would fade,
Anywhere with Jesus I am not afraid.

Chorus:
Anywhere! anywhere!
Fear I cannot know;
Anywhere with Jesus
I can safely go.

Anywhere with Jesus I am not alone,
Other friends may fail me - He is still my own;
Tho His hand may lead me over dreary ways,
Anywhere with Jesus is a house of praise.

Anywhere with Jesus over land and sea,
Telling souls in darkness of salvation free;
Ready as He summons me to go or stay,
Anywhere with Jesus when He points the way.

Anywhere with Jesus I can go to sleep,
When the dark'ning shadows round about me creep;
Knowing I shall waken, never more to roam,
Anywhere with Jesus will be home, sweet home.

464 THROW OUT THE LIFE-LINE

Throw out the Life-Line across the dark wave!
There is a brother whom some one should save -
Somebody's brother! O who then will dare
To throw out the Life-Line, his peril to share?

Chorus:
Throw out the Life-Line!
Throw out the Life-Line!
Someone is drifting away;
Throw out the Life-Line!
Throw out the Life-Line!
Someone is sinking today.

Throw out the Life-Line with hand quick and strong -
Why do you tarry, why linger so long?
See, he is sinking! O hasten today,
And out with the Life-Boat! away, then away!

Throw out the Life-Line to danger-fraught men,
Sinking in anguish where you've never been;
Winds of temptation and billows of woe
Will soon hurl them out where the dark waters flow.

Soon will the season of rescue be o'er,
Soon will they drift to eternity's shore;
Haste then, my brother - no time for delay,
But throw out the Life-Line and save them today.

465 I'LL GO WHERE YOU WANT ME TO GO

It may not be on the mountain's height,
Or over the stormy sea,
It may not be at the battle's front
My Lord will have need of me;
But if by a still, small voice He calls
To paths I do not know,
I'll answer, dear Lord, with my hand in Thine,
I'll go where You want me to go.

Chorus:
I'll go where You want me to go, dear Lord,
O'er mountain or plain or sea;
I'll say what You want me to say, dear Lord,
I'll be what You want me to be.

Perhaps today there are loving words
Which Jesus would have me speak,
There may be now, in the paths of sin,
Some wand'rer whom I should seek;
O Savior, if Thou wilt be my Guide,
Tho dark and rugged the way,
My voice shall echo the message sweet,
I'll say what You want me to say.

There's surely somewhere a lowly place
In earth's harvest fields so wide,
Where I may labor thru life's short day
For Jesus, the Crucified;
So, trusting my all to Thy care -
I know Thou lovest me -
I'll do Thy will with a heart sincere,
I'll be what You want me to be.

466 GO LABOUR ON

Go, labour on; spend, and be spent,
Thy joy to do the Father's will;
It is the way the Master went;
Should not the servant tread it still?

Go, labour on; 'tis not for naught;
Thy earthly loss is heav'nly gain;
Men heed thee, love thee, praise thee not;
The Master praises what are men?

Go, labour on; your hands are week,
Your knees are faint, your soul cast down;
Yet falter not; the prize you seek'
Is near a kingdom and a crown.

Go, labour on while it is day:
The world's dark night is hast'ning on:
Speed, speed thy work, cast sloth away;
It is not thus that souls are won.

Toil on faint not, keep watch, and pray;
Be wise the erring soul to win;
Go forth into the world's highway;
Compel the wand'rer to come in.

Toil on, and in thy toil rejoice;
For toil comes rest, for exile home;
Soon shalt thou hear the Bridegroom's voice,
The midnight cry, "Behold, I come!"

467 BRINGING IN THE SHEAVES

Sowing in the morning, sowing seeds of kindness,
Sowing in the noon-tide and the dewy eve,
Waiting for the harvest and the time of reaping--
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves.

Chorus:
Bringing in the sheaves,
Bringing in the sheaves,
We shall come rejoicing,
bringing in the sheaves.
Bringing in the sheaves,
Bringing in the sheaves,
We shall come rejoicing,
bringing in the sheaves.

Sowing in the sunshine, sowing in the shadows,
Fearing neither clouds nor winter's chilling breeze;
By and by the harvest and the labors ended -
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves.

Going forth with weeping, sowing for the Master,
Tho the loss sustained our spirit often grieves;
When our weepint's over He will bid us welcome -
We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheaves.

468 SPEAK JUST A WORD FOR JESUS

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Tell how he died for you;
Often repeat the story,
Wonderful, glad, and true!

Refrain:
Speak just a word,
Ever to Him be true;
Speak just a word,
Tell what He's doing for you!

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Tell how He helps you live;
Tell of the strength and comfort
Which He will freely give!

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Do not for others wait;
Gladly proclaim the message
Soon it will be too late!

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Why should you doubt or fear?
Surely His love will bless it;
Some one will gladly hear.

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Tell of His love for men!
Some one distressed may listen,
Willing to trust Him then.

469 THE REGIONS BEYOND

To the regions beyond I must go, I must go,
Where the story has never been told;
To the millions that never have heard of His love,
I must tell the sweet story of old.

Refrain:
To the regions beyond I must go, I must go,
Till the world, all the world,
His salvation shall know.

To the hardest of places He calls me to go,
Not thinking of comfort or ease;
The world may pronounce me a dreamer, a fool -
Enough if the Master I please.

O ye that are spending your leisure and powers
In pleasures so foolish and fond,
Awake from your selfishness, folly, and sin
And go to the regions beyond.

There are other lost sheep that the Master must bring,
And to them must the message be told.
He sends me to gather them out of all lands
And welcome them back to His fold.

470 WORK, FOR THE NIGHT IS COMING

Work, for the night is coming,
Work thru the morning hours;
Work while the dew is sparkling,
Work 'mid springing flow'rs.
Work when the day grows brighter,
Work in the glowing sun;
Work, for the night is coming,
When man's work is done.

Work, for the night is coming,
Work thru the sunny noon;
Fill brightest hours with labor -
Rest comes sure and soon.
Give ev'ry flying minute,
Something to keep in store;
Work, for the night is coming,
When man works no more.

Work, for the night is coming,
Under the sunset skies;
While their bright tints are glowing,
Work, for daylight flies.
Work till the last beam fadeth,
Fadeth to shine no more;
Work, while the night is dark'ning,
When man's work is o'er.

471 A CHRISTIAN HOME

O give us homes built firm upon the Savior,
Where Christ is Head and Counsellor and Guide;
Where ev'ry child is taught His love and favor
And gives his heart to Christ the crucified:
How sweet to know that tho his footsteps waver
His faithful Lord is walking by his side!

O give us homes with godly fathers, mothers,
Who always place their hope and trust in Him;
Whose tender patience turmoil never bothers,
Whose calm and courage trouble cannot dim;
A home where each finds joy in serving others,
And love still shines, tho days be dark and grim.

O give us homes where Christ is Lord and Master,
The Bible read, the precious hymns still sung;
Where pray'r comes first in peace or is disaster,
And praise is natural speech to ev'ry tongue;
Where mountains move before a faith that's vaster,
And Christ sufficient is for old and young.

O Lord, our God, our homes are Thine forever!
We trust to Thee their problems, toil, and care;
Their bonds of love no enemy can sever
If Thou art always Lord and Master there:
Be Thou the center of our least endeavor -
Be Thou our Guest, our hearts and homes to share.

472 HAPPY THE HOME WHEN GOD IS THERE

Happy the home when God is there,
And love fills ev'ry breast,
When one their wish, and one their prayer
And one their heav'nly rest.

Happy the home where Jesus' name
Is sweet to ev'ry ear,
Where children early lisp His fame
And parents hold Him dear.

Happy the home where prayer is heard
And praise is wont to rise,
Where parents love the sacred Word
And all its wisdom prize.

Lord, let us in our home agree
This blessed peace to gain;
Unite our hearts in love to Thee,
And love to all will reign.

473 WHERE CROSS THE CROWDED WAYS OF LIFE

Where cross the crowded ways of life,
Where sound the cries of race and clan,
Above the noise of selfish strife,
We hear Thy voice, O Son of man!

In haunts of wretchedness and need,
On shadowed thresholds dark with fears,
From paths where hide the lures of greed,
We catch the vision of Thy tears.

The cup of water giv'n for Thee
Stills holds the freshness of Thy grace;
Yet long these multitudes to see
The sweet compassion of Thy face.

O Master, from the mountain side,
Make haste to heal these hearts of pain,
Among these restless throngs abide,
O tread the city's streets again:

Till sons of men shall learn Thy love,
And follow where Thy feet have trod;
Till glorious, from Thy heav'n above,
Shall come the city of our God.

474 WE WOULD SEE JESUS

We would see Jesus, for the shadows lengthen
Across the little landscape of our life;
We would see Jesus, our weak faith to strengthen
For the last weariness, the final strife.

We would see Jesus, the great rock foundation,
Whereon our feet were set by sov'reign grace;
Not life nor death, with all their agitation,
Can thence remove us, if we see His face.

We would see Jesus - other lights are paling,
Which for long years we have rejoiced to see;
The blessings of our pilgrimage are failing:
We would not mourn them, for we go to Thee.

We would see Jesus - this is all we're needing:
Strength, joy, and willingness come with the sight;
We would see Jesus - dying, risen, pleading:
Then welcome day! and farewell, mortal night!

475 O FATHER ALL CREATING

O Father all Creating,
Whose wisdom, love and power,
Firs bound two lives together
In Eden's primal hour,
Today to these thy children
Thine earliest gifts renew,
A home by thee made happy
A love by thee kept true.

O Saviour, guest most bounteous
Of old in Galilee,
Vouchsafe today thy presence
With these who call on thee,
Their store of earthly gladness
transform t heavenly wine,
And teach them in the tasting
To know the gift is thine.

O Spirit of the Father,
Breathe on them from above,
So mighty in thy pureness,
So tender in thy love,
That, guarded by thy presence,
From sin and strife kept free,
Their lives may own thy guidance,
Their hearts be rule by thee.

Except thou build it, Father,
The house is built in vain;
Except thou Saviour, bless it,
The joy will turn to pain;
But nought can break the union,
Of hearts in thee made one;
And love thy Spirit hallows
Is endless love begun.

Amen.

476 GOD OWNS THE CATTLE ON A THOUSAND HILLS

477 WITH ETERNITY'S VALUES IN VIEW

478 GOD CAN DO ANYTHING

479 IF YOU WANT JOY, REAL JOY

If you want joy, real joy, wonderful joy;
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If you want joy, real joy, wonderful joy;
Let Jesus come into your heart.
Your sins He'll wash away,
Your night He'll turn to day,
Your life He'll make it over anew;
If you want joy, real joy, wonderful joy;
Let Jesus come into your heart.

480 THOU WILT KEEP HIM IN PERFECT PEACE

481 THINGS ARE DIFFERENT NOW

482 I WILL SING OF THE MERCIES OF THE LORD

I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever,
I will sing, I will sing,
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever,
I will sing the mercies of the Lord.
With my mouth will I make known
Thy faithfulness, Thy faithfulness,
With my mouth will I make known
Thy faithfulness to all generations,
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever,
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord.

483 CHRIST FOR ME

484 JESUS CHRIST IS THE WAY

485 THE LORD IS GOOD

486 MY LORD KNOWS THE WAY THRU THE WILDERNESS

487 NEW LIFE IN CHRIST

488 THE LORD HAS DONE GREAT THINGS FOR US

The Lord has done great things for us whereof we are glad,
The Lord has done great things for us whereof we are glad.
He cannot fail, His word is true,
We're trusting Him' He'll see us thru.
The Lord has done great things for us whereof we are glad.

489 WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL JESUS

Wonderful, wonderful Jesus,
Who can compare with Thee!
Wonderful, wonderful Jesus,
Fairer than all art Thou to me!
Wonderful, wonderful Jesus,
O how my soul loves Thee!
Fairer than all the fairest,
Jesus, art Thou to me!

490 HE'S ABLE

491 STUDY TO SHOW THYSELF APPROVED UNTO GOD

Study to show thyself approved unto God,
Approved unto God, approved unto God.
Study to show thyself approved unto God,
A workman that needeth not to be ashamed.
Not to be ashamed,
Not to be ashamed,
A workman that needeth not to be ashamed,
Rightly dividing,
Rightly dividing,
Rightly dividing the Word of Truth.

492 CHEER UP, YE SAINTS OF GOD

493 ROLLED AWAY

494 ONLY JESUS, ALWAYS JESUS

495 WONDERFUL CLEANSING POWER

496 JESUS BREAKS EVERY FETTER

497 I WILL FOLLOW WHERE HE LEADETH

498 CHRIST JESUS CAME INTO THIS WORLD

499 LET HIM IN, LET HIM IN

500 WHISPER A PRAYER

501 LET THE BEAUTY OF JESUS

Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me,
All His wonderful passion and purity;
O Thou spirit Divine, all my nature refine,
Till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me.

502 I AM THE RESURRECTION

I am the resurrection and the life,
He that believeth in me tho' He were deade,
Yet shall He live,
Yet shall he live,
And whosoever liveth and believeth in me
shall never, never die.

503 JOY IN MY HEART

I have the joy, joy, joy, joy,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart!
I have the joy, joy, joy, joy,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart to stay.

I have the peace that passeth understanding
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart
I have the peace that passeth understanding
Down in my heart,
down in my heart to stay.

I have the love of Jesus, love of Jesus,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart!
I have the love of Jesus, love of Jesus,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart to stay.

For there is therefore now no condemnation,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart,
For there is therefore now no condemnation,
Down in my heart
Down in my heart to stay.

504 ONE GOD AND ONE MEDIATOR

For there is one God and one mediator between God and men,
For there is one God and one mediator, the Man, Christ Jesus.
Who gave Himself a ransom for us all,
Who gave Himself a ransom for us all;
Who gave Himself a ransom for us all,
O what a wonderful Savior!
For there is one God and one mediator between God and men,
For there is one God and one mediator, the Man, Christ Jesus.

505 LORD, LAY SOME SOUL UPON MY HEART

506 I WISH YOU KNEW MY JESUS

507 COME UNTO ME WITH YOUR HEAVY LOAD

508 THERE'S A NEW SONG IN MY HEART

509 THERE'S A GLADNESS IN MY HEART

510 COME NOW, SAITH THE LORD

Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord;
Tho' your sins as scarlet be,
They shall be white as snow;
Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord;
Tho' they be red like crimson,
They shall be as wool.

511 HEAVEN FILLS MY SOUL

512 SAVED TO TELL OTHERS

513 MAGNIFY THE LORD WITH ME

514 ALL MY SINS ROLLED AWAY

515 HOW MARVELOUS HIS LOVE

516 HE TOOK MY SIN

517 HEAR OUR PRAYER, O LORD

Hear our pray'r, O Lord;
hear our pray'r, O Lord,
Incline Thine ear to us
and grant us Thy peace.

518 ALMIGHTY FATHER, HEAR OUR PRAYER

Almighty Father, hear our prayer,
and bless all souls that wait before Thee.

519 ALL THINGS COME OF THEE

All things come of Thee, O Lord,
and of thine own have we given Thee.

520 NEVER FEAR! HE IS NEAR

521 GOD IS ALWAYS NEAR ME

God is always near me,
Hearing what I say,
Knowing all my thoughts and deeds,
All my work and play.

God is always near me:
In the darkest night,
He can see me just the same,
As by midday light.

God is always near me,
Though so young and small;
Not a look, or word, or thought,
But God knows it all.

522 JESUS BIDS US SHINE

Jesus bids us shine with a clear, pure light,
Like a little candle burning in the night;
In this world of darkness we must shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, first of all for Him;
Well He sees and knows it if our light is dim;
He looks down from heaven, sees us shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, then, for all around
Many kinds of darkness in this world abound -
Sin, and want, and sorrow: we must shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, as we work for Him,
Bringing those that wander from the paths of sin;
He will ever help us, if we shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

523 LORD, I WANT TO BE A CHRISTIAN

Lord, I want to be a Christian
In-a my heart, in-a my heart.
Lord, I want to be a Christian
In-a my heart.
In-a my heart, In-a my heart,
Lord, I want to be a Christian
In-a my heart.

Lord, I want to be more loving
In-a my heart, in-a my heart.
Lord, I want to be more loving in my heart.
In-a my heart.
In-a my heart, In-a my heart,
Lord, I want to be more loving
In-a my heart.

Lord, I want to be more holy
In-a my heart, in-a my heart
Lord, I want to be more holy
In-a my heart.
In-a my heart, In-a my heart,
Lord, I want to be more holy
In-a my heart.

Lord, I want to be like Jesus
In-a my heart, in-a my heart.
Lord, I want to be like Jesus
In-a my heart.
In-a my heart, In-a my heart,
Lord, I want to be like Jesus
In-a my heart.

524 I'LL BE A SUNBEAM

Jesus wants me for a sunbeam,
To shine for Him each day;
In ev'ry way try to please Him,
At home, at school, at play.

Chorus:
A sunbeam, a sunbeam,
Jesus wants me for a sunbeam;
A sunbeam, a sunbeam,
I'll be a sunbeam for Him.

Jesus wants me to be loving,
And kind to all I see;
Showing how pleasant and happy
His little one can be.

I will ask Jesus to help me
To keep my heart from sin,
Ever reflecting His goodness,
And always shine for Him.

I'll be a sunbeam for Jesus;
I can if I but try;
Serving Him moment by moment,
Then live, with Him on high.

525 JESUS LOVES THE LITTLE CHILDREN

Jesus calls the children dear,
"Come to Me and never fear,
For I love the little children of the world;
I will take you by the hand,
Lead you to the better land,
For I love the little children of the world."

Chorus:
Jesus loves the little children,
All the children of the world.
Red and yellow, black and white,
They are precious in His sight,
Jesus loves the little children of the world.

Jesus is the Shepherd true,
And He'll always stand by you,
For He loves the little children of the world;
He's a Saviour great and strong,
And He'll shield you from the wrong,
For He loves the little children of the world.

I am coming, Lord, to Thee,
And Thy soldier I will be,
For He loves the little children of the world;
And His cross I'll always bear,
And for Him I'll do and dare,
For He love the little children of the world.

526 THERE IS A CITY

There is a city bright;
Closed are its gates to sin;
Naught that defileth,
Naught that defileth,
Can ever enter in.

Saviour, I come to Thee!
O Lamb of God, I pray,
Cleanse me and save me,
Cleanse me and save me,
Wash all my sins away.

Lord, make me, from this hour,
Thy loving child to be;
Kept by Thy power,
Kept by Thy power,
From all that grieveth Thee:

Till in the snowy dress
Of Thy redeemed I stand,
Faultless and stainless,
Faultless and stainless,
Safe in that happy land!

527 JESUS LOVES ME! THIS I KNOW

Jesus loves me! this I know,
For the Bible tells me so;
Children all to Him belong;
They are weak, but He is strong.

Refrain:
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
The Bible tells me so.

Jesus loves me! He who died,
Heaven's gate to open wide;
He will wash away my sin,
Let His trusting child come in.

Jesus loves me, loves me still,
When I'm very weak and ill;
From His shining throne on high,
Comes to watch me where I lie.

Jesus loves me! He will stay
Close beside me all the way,
If I love Him, when I die
He will take me home on high.

528 PRAISE HIM, ALL YE LITTLE CHILDREN

Praise Him, praise Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love;
Praise Him, praise Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love.

Love Him, love Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love;
Love Him, love Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love.

Thank Him, thank Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love,
Thank Him, thank Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love.

529 CAN A LITTLE CHILD LIKE ME

Can a little child like me
Thank the Father fittingly?
Yes, O yes! be good and true,
Patient, kind in all you do;
Love the Lord, and do your part;
Learn to say with all your heart,

Refrain:
Father, we thank Thee,
Father, we thank Thee!
Father in heav'n, we thank Thee!

For the fruit upon the tree,
For the birds that sing of Thee,
For the earth in beauty dressed,
Father, mother, and the rest,
For Thy precious, loving care,
For Thy bounty ev'rywhere,

For the sunshine warm and bright,
For the day and for the night,
For the lessons of our youth:
Honor, gratitude and truth,
For the love that met us here,
For the home and for the cheer,

For our comrades and our plays,
And our happy holidays,
For the joyful work and true
That a little child may do,
For our lives but just begun,
For the great gift of Thy Son,

Amen.

530 TELL ME THE STORIES OF JESUS

Tell me the stories of Jesus
I love to hear;
Things I would ask Him to tell me
If He were here;
Scenes by the wayside,
Tales of the sea,
Stories of Jesus,
Tell them to me.

First let me hear how the children
Stood round His knee;
And I shall fancy His blessing
Resting on me:
Words full of kindness,
Deeds full of grace,
All in the love-light
Of Jesus' face.

Into the city I'd follow,
The children's band,
Waving a branch of the palm-tree
High in my hand;
One of His heralds,
Yes, I would sing
Loudest hosannas!
"Jesus is King!"

Amen.

531 INTO MY HEART

Come into my heart, blessed Jesus,
Come into my heart, I pray;
My soul is so troubled and weary,
Come into my heart today.

Refrain:
Into my heart, into my heart,
Come into my heart, Lord Jesus;
Come in today,
Come in to stay,
Come into my heart, Lord Jesus.

Come into my heart, blessed Jesus,
I need Thee thro' life's dreary way;
The burden of sin is so heavy,
Come into my heart to stay.

Come into my heart, blessed Jesus,
O cleanse and illumine my soul;
Fill me with Thy wonderful Spirit,
Come in and take full control.

532 SAVIOR, LIKE A SHEPHERD LEAD US

Savior, like a shepherd lead us,
Much we need Thy tender care;
In Thy pleasant pastures feed us,
For our use Thy folds prepare:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast bought us, Thine we are;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast bought us Thine we are.

We are Thine - do Thou befriend us,
Be the Guardian of our way;
Keep Thy flock, from sin defend us,
Seek us when we go astray:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray.
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray.

Thou hast promised to receive us,
Poor and sinful tho we be;
Thou hast mercy to relieve us,
Grace to cleanse and pow'r to free:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee.

Early let us seek Thy favor,
Early let us do Thy will;
Blessed Lord and only Savior,
With Thy love our bosoms fill:
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still;
Blessed Jesus, Blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still.

533 THE SANDS OF TIME ARE SINKING

The sands of time are sinking,
The dawn of heaven breaks;
The summer morn I've sighed for -
The fair, sweet morn awakes:
Dark, dark hath been the midnight,
But day-spring is at hand,
And glory, glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land.

O Christ, Je is the fountain,
The deep, sweet well of love!
The streams on earth I've tasted
More deep I'll drink above:
There to an ocean fulness
His mercy doth expand,
And glory, glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land,

O I am my Beloved's,
And my Beloved's mine!
He brings a poor vile sinner,
Into His "house of wine,"
I stand upon His merit -
I know no other stand,
Not e'en where glory dwelleth
In Immanuel's land.

The Bride eyes not her garment
But her dear Bridegroom's face;
I will not gaze at glory
But on my King of grace.
Not at the crown He giveth
But on His pierced hand:
The Lamb is all the glory
Of Immanuel's land.

534 MEET ME THERE

On the happy, golden shore,
Where the faithful part no more,
When the storms of life are over,
Meet me there;
Where the night dissolves away
Into pure and perfect day,
I am going home to stay -
Meet me there.

Chorus:
Meet me there,
Meet me there,
Where the tree of life is blooming,
Meet me there;
When the storms of life are o'er,
On the happy golden shore,
Where the faithful part no more,
Meet me there.

Here our fondest hopes are vain,
Dearest links are rent in twain,
But in heav'n no throb of pain -
Meet me there;
By the river sparkling bright
In the city of delight,
Where our faith is lost in sight,
Meet me there.

Where the harps of angels ring,
And the blest forever sing,
In the palace of the King,
Meet me there;
Where in sweet communion blend
Jeart with heart and friend with friend,
In a world that ne'er shall end,
Meet me there.

535 WHEN WE ALL GET HOME

536 SAFE IN THE ARMS OF JESUS

Safe in the arms of Jesus,
Safe on His gentle breast,
There by His love o'er-shaded,
Sweetly my soul shall rest.
Hark! 'tis the voice of angels,
Borne in a song to me.
Over the fields of glory,
Over the jasper sea.

Chorus:
Safe in the arms of Jesus,
Safe on His gentle breast,
There by His love o'er-shaded,
Sweetly my soul shall rest.

Safe in the arms of Jesus,
Safe from corroding care.
Safe from the world's temptations,
Sin cannot harm me there.
Free from the blight of sorrow,
Free from my doubts and fears;
Only a few more trials,
Only a few more tears!

Jesus, my heart's dear refuge,
Jesus has died for me;
Firm on the Rock of Ages,
Ever my trust shall be.
Here let me wait with patience,
Wait till the night is o'er;
Wait till I see the morning
Break on the golden shore.

537 THE HOME OVER THERE

O think of a home over there,
By the side of the river of light,
Where the saints, all immortal and fair,
Are robed in their garments of white.
Over there, over there,
O think of a home over there,
Over there, over there, over there,
O think of a home over there.

O think of the friends over there,
Who before us the journey have trod,
Of the songs that they breathe on the air,
In their home in the palace of God.
Over there, over there,
O think of the friends over there,
Over there, over there, over there,
O think of the friends over there,

My Saviour is now over there,
There my kindred and friends are at rest,
Then away from my sorrow and care
Let me fly to the land of the blest.
Over there, over there,
My Saviour is now over there,
Over there, over there, over there,
My Saviour is now over there.

I'll soon be at home over there,
For the end of my journey I see,
Many dear to my heart, over there,
Are watching and waiting for me.
Over there, over there,
I'll soon be at home over there,
Over there, over there, over there,
I'll soon be at home over there.

538 IN THE NEW JERUSALEM

539 BEYOND THE SUNSET

540 WE'RE MARCHING TO ZION

Come, we that love the Lord,
And let our joys be known;
Join in a song with sweet accord,
Join in a song with sweet accord
And thus surround the throne,
And thus surround the throne.

Chorus:
We're marching to Zion,
Beautiful, beautiful Zion;
We're marching upward to Zion,
The beautiful city of God.

Let those refuse to sing
Who never knew our God;
But children of the heav'nly King,
But children of the heav'nly King
May speak their joys abroad,
May speak their joys abroad.

The hill of Zion yields
A thousand sacred sweets
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Before we reach the heav'nly fields
Or walk the golden streets,
Or walk the golden streets.

Then let our songs abound,
And ev'ry Tear be dry;
We're marching thru Immanuel's ground,
We're marching thru Immanuel's ground
To fairer worlds on high,
To fairer worlds on high.

541 HE THE PEARLY GATES WILL OPEN

Love divine, so great and wondrous,
Deep and mighty, pure, sublime!
Coming from the heart of Jesus -
Just the same thru tests of time.

Chorus:
He the pearly gates will open,
So that I may enter in;
For He purchased my redemption
And forgave me all my sin.

Like a dove when hunted, frightened,
As a wounded fawn was I;
Brokenhearted, yet He healed me,
He will heed the sinner's cry.

Love divine, so great and wondrous!
All my sins He then forgave!
I will sing His praise forever,
For His blood, His pow'r to save.

In life's eventide, at twilight,
At His door I'll knock and wait;
By the precious love of Jesus
I shall enter heaven's gate.

542 SAVED BY GRACE

Some day the silver cord will break,
And I no more as now shall sing;
But O the joy when I shall wake
Within the palace of the King!

Chorus:
And I shall see Him face to face,
And tell the story - Saved by grace;
And I shall see Him face to face,
And tell the story - Saved by grace.

Some day my earthly house will fall -
I cannot tell how soon 'twill be;
But this I know - my All in All
Has now a place in heav'n for me.

Some day, when fades the golden sun
Beneath the rosy-tinted west,
My blessed Lord will say,"Well done!"
And I shall enter into rest.

Some day - till then I'll watch and wait,
My lamp all trimmed and burning bright,
That when my Savior opes the gate,
My soul to Him may take its flight.

543 FACE TO FACE

Face to face with Christ, my Savior,
Face to face - what will it be?
When with rapture I behold Him,
Jesus Christ who died for me!

Chorus:
Face to face I shall behold Him,
Far beyond the starry sky;
Face to face in all His glory,
I shall see Him by and by!

Only faintly now I see Him,
With the darkling veil between;
But a blessed day is coming
When His glory shall be seen.

What rejoicing in His presence
When are banished grief and pain,
When the crooked ways are straightened
And the dark things shall be plain.

Face to face - O blissful moment!
Face to face - to see and know;
Face to face with my Redeemer,
Jesus Christ who loves me so!

544 WHEN THE ROLL IS CALLED UPYONDER

When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound, and time shall be no more,
And the morning breaks, eternal, bright and fair -
When the saved of earth shall gather over on the other shore,
And the roll is called up yonder - I'll be there!

Chorus:
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is call'd up yonder -
When the roll is call'd up yonder I'll be there!

On that bright and cloudless morning when the dead in Christ shall rise
And the glory of His resurrection share -
When His chosen ones shall gather to their home beyond the skies,
And the roll is called up yonder - I'll be there!

Let us labor for the Master from the dawn till setting sun,
Let us talk of all His wondrous love and care;
Then when all of life is over and our work on earth is done,
And the roll is called up yonder - I'll be there!

545 OVER THE SUNSET MOUNTAINS

546 FOR ALL THE SAINTS

For all the saints who from their labors rest,
Who Thee by faith before the world confessed,
Thy name, O Jesus, be forever blest:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

Thou wast their Rock, their Fortress and their Might;
Thou, Lord, their captain in the well-fought fight;
And Thou, in the darkness drear, their one true Light:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

O blest communion, fellowship divine!
We feebly struggle - they in glory shine;
Yet all are one in Thee, for all are Thine:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

O may Thy soldiers, faithful, true, and bold,
Fight as the saints who nobly fought of old,
And win with them the victor's crown of gold:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

And when the strife is fierce, the warfare long,
Steals on the ear the distant triumph song,
And hearts are brave again, and arms are strong:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

From earth's wide bounds, from ocean's farthest coast,
Thru gates of pearl streams in the countless host,
Singing to Father, Son and Holy Ghost:
Alleluia! Alleluia!

547 O THAT WILL BE GLORY

When all my labors and trials are o'er
And I am safe on that beautiful shore,
Just to be near the dear Lord I adore
Will thru the ages be glory for me.

Chorus:
O that will be glory for me,
Glory for me, glory for me;
When by His grace I shall look on His face,
That will be glory, be glory for me!

When, by the gift of His infinite grace,
I am accorded in heaven a place,
Just to be there and to look on His face,
Will thru the ages be glory for me.

Friends will be there I have loved long ago,
Joy like a river around me will flow;
Yet, just a smile from my Savior, I know,
Will thru the ages be glory for me.

548 SWEET BY AND BY

There's a land that is fairer than day,
And by faith we can see it afar,
For the Father waits over the way
To prepare us a dwelling place there.

Chorus:
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore;
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.

We shall sing on that beautiful shore
The melodious songs of the blest;
And our spirits shall sorrow no more -
Not a sigh for the blessing of rest.

To our bountiful Father above
We will offer our tribute of praise,
For the glorious gift of His love,
And the blessings that hallow our days.

549 WHEN WE ALL GET TO HEAVEN

Sing the wondrous love of Jesus,
Sing His mercy and His grace;
In the mansions bright and blessed,
He'll prepare for us a place.

Chorus:
When we all get to heaven,
What a day of rejoicing that will be!
When we all see Jesus,
We'll sing and shout the victory.

While we walk the pilgrim pathway
Clouds will overspread the sky;
But when trav'ling days are over,
Not a shadow, not a sigh.

Let us then be true and faithful,
Trusting, serving every day;
Just one glimpse of Him in glory
Will the toils of life repay.

Onward to the prize before us!
Soon His beauty we'll behold;
Soon the pearly gates will open -
We shall tread the streets of gold.

550 CROSS OF JESUS

Cross of Jesus, Cross of sorrow,
Where the Blood of Christ was shed,
Perfect man on thee was tortured,
Perfect God on thee has bled.

Here the King of all the ages,
Throned in light ere worlds could be
Robed in mortal flesh is dying,
Crucified by sin for me.

O mysterious condescending!
O abandonment sublime!
Very God Himself is bearing
All the sufferings of time!

Evermore for human failure
By His Passion we can plead;
God has borne all mortal anguish,
Surely He will know our need.

This all human thought surpassing
This is earth's most awful hour,
God has taken mortal weakness!
God has laid aside His Pow'r!

551 WHEN I SURVEY THE WONDROUS CROSS

When I survey the wondrous cross
On which the Prince of Glory died,
My richest gain I count but Loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast,
Save in the death of Christ my God:
All the vain things that charm me most,
I sacrifice them to His Blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down!
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were a tribute far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

552 GOD OF OUR FATHERS

God of our fathers, whose almighty hand
Leads forth in beauty all the starry band
Of shining worlds in splendor thru the skies,
Our grateful songs before Thy throne arise.

Thy love divine hath led us in the past,
In this free land by Thee our lot is cast;
Be Thou our ruler, guardian, guide and stay,
Thy word our law, Thy paths our chosen way.

From war's alarms, from deadly pestilence,
Be Thy strong arm our ever-sure defense;
Thy true religion in our hearts increase,
Thy bounteous goodness nourish us in peace.

Refresh Thy people on their toilsome way,
Lead us from night to never-ending day;
Fill all our lives with love and grace divine,
And glory, laud, and praise be ever Thine!

553 LOVE FOUND A WAY

Wonderful love that rescued me,
Sunk deep in sin,
Guilty and vile as I could be -
No hope within;
When ev'ry ray of light had fled,
O glorious day!
Raising my soul from out the dead,
love found a way.

Chorus:
Love found a way to redeem my soul,
Love found a way that could make me whole;
Love sent my Lord to the cross of shame,
Love found a way, O praise His holy name!

Love bro't my Savior here to die
On Calvary,
For such a sinful wretch as I -
How can it be?
Love bridged the gulf 'twixt me and heav'n,
Taught me to pray;
I am redeemed, set free, forgiv'n -
Love found a way.

Love opened wide the gates of light
To heav'n's domain,
Where in eternal pow'r and might
Jesus shall reign;
Love lifted me from depths of woe
To endless day;
There was no help in earth below -
Love found a way.

554 ANOTHER YEAR IS DAWNING

Another year is dawning:
Dear Father, let it be,
In working or in waiting,
Another year with thee;
Another year of leaning
Upon Thy loving breast;
Another year of trusting,
Of quiet happy rest;

Another year of mercies,
Of faithfulness and grace;
Another year of gladness
in the shining of thy face;
Another year of progress
Another year of praise;
Another year of proving
Thy grace all the days;

Another year of service,
Of witness for thy love;
Another year of training
for holier work above,
Another year is dawning!
Dear Father, let it be,
On earth, or else in heaven,
another year for Thee.

555 ACCORDING TO THY GRACIOUS WORD

According to Thy gracious word
In meek humility,
This will I do, my dying Lord,
I will remember Thee.

The body, broken for my sake,
My bread from heav'n shall be;
Thy testamental cup I take,
And thus remember Yhee.

Gethsemane can I forget,
Or there Thy conflict see,
Thine agony and bloody sweat,
And not remember Thee?

When to the cross I turn mine eyes
And rest on Calvary,
O Lamb of God, my sacrifice,
I must remember Thee.

Remember Thee, and all Thy pains,
And all Thy love to me;
Yes, while a breath, a pulse remains,
Will I remember Thee.

And when these failing lips grow dumb,
And mind and mem'ry flee,
When Thou shalt in Thy kingdom come,
Jesus, remember me.

556 HOW SWEET THE NAME OF JESUS

How sweet the name of Jesus sounds
In a believer's ear!
It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds,
And drives away his fear,
And drives away his fear.

It makes the wounded spirit whole
And calms the troubled breast;
'Tis manna to the hungry soul,
And to the weary rest,
And to the weary rest.

Dear name! the rock on which I build,
My shield and hiding place;
My never failing treasure, filled
With boundless stores of grace!
With boundless stores of grace!

Jesus, my Shepherd Brother, Friend,
My Prophet, Priest, and King.
My Lord, my Life, my Way, my End,
Accept the praise I bring,
Accept the praise I bring.

557 SWEET THE MOMENTS, RICH IN BLESSING

Sweet the moments, rich in blessing,
Which before the cross I spend;
Life, and health, and peace possessing
From the sinner's dying Friend.

Truly blessed is this station,
Low before His cross I'll lie,
While I see divine compassion
Beaming in His gracious eye.

For Thy sorrows we adore Thee,
For the pains that wrought our peace;
Gracious Savior! we implore Thee,
In our souls Thy love increase!

Here we feel our sins forgiven,
While upon the Lamb we gaze;
And our thoughts are all of heaven,
And our lips o'erflow with praise.

Lord, in loving contemplation,
fix our hearts and eyes on Thee,
Till we taste Thy full salvation,
And Thine unveiled glory see.

558 WE PLOUGH THE FIELDS

We plough the fields, and scatter
The good seed on the land,
But it is fed and watered
By God's almighty hand;
He sends the snow in winter,
The warmth to swell the grain,
The breezes and the sunshine,
And soft refreshing rain:

Refrain"
All good gifts around us
Are sent from heaven above;
Then thank the Lord,
O thank the Lord
For all His love.

He only is the Maker
Of all things near and far;
He paints the wayside flower;
He lights the ev'ning star;
The winds and waves obey Him,
By Him the birds are fed;
Much more to us, His children,
He gives our daily bread:

We thank Thee, then, O Father,
For all things bright and good,
The seed-time and the harvest,
Our life, our health, our food.
No gifts have we to offer
For all Thy love imparts,
But that which Thou desirest,
Our humble, thankful hearts:

559 NEAR THE CROSS

Jesus, keep me near the cross,
There a precious fountain,
Free to all -- a healing stream,
Flows from Calvary's mountain.

Chorus:
In the Cross, in the Cross,
Be my vision glorious;
All my sins are washed away
In the blood of Jesus.

Near the cross, a trembling soul,
Love and mercy found me;
There the Bright and Morning Star
Shed its beams around me.

Near the cross, O Lamb of God,
Bring its scenes before me;
Help me walk from day to day,
With its shadows o'er me.

Near the cross I'll watch and wait,
Hoping, trusting, ever,
Till I reach the golden strand,
Just beyond the river.

560 BENEATH THE CROSS OF JESUS

Beneath the cross of Jesus
I fain would take my stand,
The shadow of a mighty rock
Within a weary land;
A home within the wilderness,
A rest upon the way,
From the burning of the noontide heat,
And the burden of the day.

Upon that cross of Jesus
Mine eyes at times can see
The very dying form of One
Who suffered there for me;
And from my smitten heart with tears
These wonders I confess, -
The wonders of His glorious love,
And my own worthlessness.

I take, O cross, thy shadow
For my abiding place;
I ask no other sunshine than
The sunshine of His face;
Content to let the world go by,
To know no gain nor loss,
My sinful self my only shame,
My glory all the cross.

561 COME WITH CONTRITE HEARTS

Come, let us to the Lord our God
With contrite hearts return;
Our God is gracious, nor will leave
The desolate to mourn.

His voice commands the tempest forth,
And stills the stormy wave;
And though his arm be strong to smite,
'Tis also strong to save.

Long hath the night of sorrow reigned;
The dawn shall bring us light;
God shall appear, and we shall rise
With gladness in his sight.

Our hearts, if God we seek to know,
Shall know Him, and rejoice;
His coming like the morn shall be,
Like morning songs his voice.

As dew upon the tender herb,
Diffusing fragrance round;
As showers that usher in the spring,
And cheer the thirsty ground:

So shall His presence bless our souls,
And shed a joyful light;
That hallowed morn shall chase away
The sorrows of the night.

562 RIDE ON, RIDE ON, O SAVIOR KING

563 AMAZING GRACE

Amazing grace! how sweet the sound
That sav'd a wretch like me;
I once was lost, but now am found;
Was blind, but now I see.

'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved;
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed!

Through many dangers, toils and snares,
I have already come;
'Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far,
And grace will lead me home.

The Lord has promised good to me,
His word my hope secures;
He will my shield and portion be
As long as life endures.

Yes, when this heart and flesh shall fail,
And mortal life shall cease,
I shall possess within the veil,
A life of joy and peace.

When we've been there a thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
We've no less days to sing God's praise
Than when we first begun.

564 SEEKING FOR ME

Jesus, my Saviour, to Bethlehem came,
Born in a manger to sorrow and shame;
Oh, it was wonderful -- blest be His name!
Seeking for me, for me!
Seeking for me! For me!
Seeking for me! For me!
Oh, it was wonderful -- blest be His name!
Seeking for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, on Calvary's tree,
Paid the great debt and my soul He set free;
Oh, it was wonderful -- how could it be?
Dying for me, for me!
Dying for me! For me!
Dying for me! For me!
Oh, it was wonderful -- how could it be?
Dying for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, the same as of old,
While I was wand'ring afar from the fold,
Gently and long did He plead with my soul,
Calling for me, for me!
Calling for me! For me!
Calling for me! For me!
Gently and long did He plead with my soul,
Calling for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, shall come from on high,--
Sweet is the promise as weary years fly;
Oh, I shall see Him descending the sky,
Coming for me, for me!
Coming for me! For me!
Coming for me! For me!
Oh, I shall see Him descending the sky,
Coming for me, for me!

565 HAVE YOU COUNTED THE COST?

There's a line that is drawn by rejecting our Lord,
Where the call of His Spirit is lost,
And you hurry along with the pleasure-mad throng -
Have you counted, have you counted the cost?

Chorus:
Have you counted the cost, if your soul should be lost
Tho' you gain the whole world for your own?
Even now it may be that the line you have crossed,
Have you counted, have you counted the cost?

You may barter your hope of eternity's morn,
For a moment of joy at the most,
For the glitter of sin and the things it will win -
Have you counted, have you counted the cost?

While the door of His mercy is open to you,
Ere the depth of His love you exhaust,
Won't you come and be healed, won't you whisper, I yield -
I have counted, I have counted the cost.

566 IS NOT THIS THE LAND OF BEULAH?

I am dwelling on a mountain,
Where the golden sunlight gleams
O'er a land whose wondrous beauty
Far exceeds my fondest dreams;
Where the air is pure, ethereal,
Laden with the breath of flowers,
That are blooming by the fountain,
'Neath the amaranthine bowers.

Chorus:
Is not this the land of Beulah?
Blessed, blessed land of light;
Where the flowers bloom forever,
And the sun is always bright?

I can see far down the mountain,
Where I wandered weary years,
Often hindered in my journey,
By the ghosts of doubt and fears;
Broken vows and disappointments
Thickly scattered all the way;
But the spirit led unerring
to the land I hold today.

I am drinking at the fountain,
Where I ever would abide,
For I've tasted life's pure river,
And my soul is satisfied;
There's no thirst for earthly pleasures,
Nor adorning rich and gay,
For I've found a richer treasure,
One that fadeth not away.

Tell me not of heavy crosses,
Nor the burdens hard to bear,
For I've found this great salvation
Makes each burden light appear;
And I love to follow Jesus,
Gladly counting all but dross,
Worldly honors all forsaking
For the glory of the cross.

Oh! the cross has wondrous glory!
Oft I've proved this to be true,
When I'm in the way so narrow,
I can see a pathway through;
And how sweetly Jesus whispers,
"Take the cross, thou need'st not fear,
For I've trod the way before thee,
And the glory lingers near."

567 FOLLOW ME