1 BE STRONG IN THE LORD

Be strong in the Lord, and be of good courage;
Your mighty Defender is always the same.
Mount up with wings, as the eagles ascending;
Vict'ry is sure when you call on His name.

Chorus:
Be strong, be strong, be strong in the Lord;
And be of good courage, for He is your guide.
Be strong, be strong, be strong in the Lord;
And rejoice for the vict'ry is yours.

So put on the armour the Lord has provided;
And place your defense in His unfailing care.
Trust Him, for he will be with you in battle,
Lighting your path to avoid ev'ry snare.

Be strong in the Lord, and be of good courage;
Your mighty Commander will vanquish the foe.
Fear not the battle, for the vict'ry is always His;
He will protect you where-ever you go.

2 DON'T BE AFRAID

When deep water curls around you
And fear replaces faith,
When the floods would seem to overwhelm
God's promises of grace,
When the fires seems overtaking
And all seems torn and tossed,
Trust His Word, O truly listen,
Hear Him say, "All is not lost."

Chorus:
"Don't be afraid, don't be afraid,
I have redeemed you; you are Mine; don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid, don't be afraid,
You are a precious child to Me, Don't be afraid."

I am with you thru the water, I'm with you thru the flood.
They will never overwhelm you: I have bought you with My blood.
Even though you walk thru fire, I'll go with you all the way.
I'm your Saviour, truly listen, Hear Me say, these words I say:

3 GLORIOUS FREEDOM

Once I was bound by sin's galling fetters;
Chained like a slave, I struggled in vain.
But I received a glorious freedom
When Jesus broke my fetters in twain.

Chorus:
Glorious freedom! Wonderful freedom!
No more in chains of sin I repine!
Jesus, the glorious mighty Redeemer!
Now and forever Jesus is mine.

Freedom from all the carnal affections;
Freedom from envy, hatred, and strife;
Freedom from vain and worldly ambitions;
Freedom from all that saddened my life.

Freedom from pride and all sinful follies;
Freedom from love and glitter of gold;
Freedom from evil temper and anger -
Glorious freedom, rapture untold !

4 GOD LEADS US ALONG

In shady, green pastures, so rich and so sweet,
God leads His dear children along;
Where the water's cool flow bathes the weary one's feet,
God leads his dear children along.

Chorus:
Some through the waters, some through the flood,
Some through the fire, but all through the blood;
Some through great sorrow, but God gives a song,
In the night season and all the day long.

Sometimes on the mount where the sun shines so bright,
God leads His dear children along;
Sometimes in the valley, in darkest of night,
God leads His dear children along.

Though sorrows befall us and Satan oppose,
God leads His dear children along;
Through grace we can conquer, defeat all our foes,
God leads his dear children along.

Away from the mire and away from the clay,
God leads His dear children along;
Away up in glory, eternity's day,
God leads his dear children along.

5 GOD IS ALWAYS NEAR ME

God is always near me,
Hearing what I say,
Knowing all my thoughts and deeds,
All my work and play.

God is always near me,
In the darkest night,
He can see me just the same,
As by mid-day light.

God is always near me,
Though so young and small;
Not a look or word or thought,
But God knows it all.

6 LIKE A RIVER GLORIOUS

Like a river glorious is God's perfect peace,
Over all victorious in its bright increase;
Perfect, yet it floweth fuller every day,
Perfect, yet it groweth deeper all the way.

Chorus:
Stayed upon Jehovah, hearts are fully blest,
Finding as He promised, perfect peace and rest.

Hidden in the hollow of His blessed hand,
Never foe can follow, never traitor stand;
Not a surge of worry, not a shade of care,
Not a blast of hurry touch the spirit there.

Every joy or trial falleth from above,
Traced upon our dial by the Sun of Love:
We may trust Him fully all for us to do;
They who trust Him wholly find Him wholly true.

7 TRUST IN THE LORD AND DON'T DESPAIR

Trust in the Lord and don't despair,
He is a friend so true;
No matter what your troubles are,
Jesus will see you through;
Sing when the day is bright;
Sing through the darkest night;
Every day, all the way,
Let us sing, sing, sing!

8 GOD MAKES NO MISTAKES

My life I give to You, O Lord, Use me, I pray
May I glorify Your precious name in all I do and say,
Let me trust You in valley dark as well as in the light,
Knowing You will always lead me; Your will is always right

Chorus:
I know God makes no mistakes.
He leads in ev'ry path I take
Along the way that's leading me to home.
Tho' at times my heart would break,
There's a purpose in ev'ry change He makes;
That others would see my life
and know that God makes no mistakes.

And when some day in heav'n above I see His dear face,
May I then be counted faithful as a runner in this race.
But now I'm trusting in the Saviour to show me the way,
In His righteousness He guides me, as I seek to please Him day by day.

9 WE HAVE AN ANCHOR

Will your anchor hold in the storms of life,
When the clouds unfold their wings of strife?
When the strong tides lift and the cables strain,
Will your anchor drift or firm remain?

Chorus:
We have an anchor that keeps the soul
Steadfast and sure while the billows roll,
Fastened to the Rock which cannot move,
Grounded firm and deep in the Savior's love.

It is safely moored, 'twill the storm withstand,
For 'tis well secured by the Saviour's hand;
Tho the tempest rage and the winds blow,
Not an angry wave shall our bark o'er flow.

When our eyes behold thru the gath'ring night
The city of gold, our harbor bright,
We shall anchor fast by the heav'nly shore,
With the storms all past forevermore.

10 HE WILL HOLD ME FAST

When I fear my faith will fail, Christ can hold me fast!
When the tempter would prevail, He can hold me fast! -

Chorus:
He will hold me fast, He will hold me fast;
For my Savior loves me so, He will hold me fast.

I could never keep my hold, He must hold me fast!
For my love is often cold, He must hold me fast! -

I am precious in His sight, He will hold me fast!
Those He saves are His delight, He will hold me fast! -

11 PHILIPPIANS 4:13

I can do all things through Christ who strengtheneth me.
I can do all things through Christ who strengtheneth me.
Day by day, hour by hour, I am kept by His pow'r.
I can do all things through Christ who strengtheneth me.

12 GOD WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU

Be not dismayed whate'er betide,
God will take care of you;
Beneath His wings of love abide,
God will take care of you.

Chorus:
God will take care of you,
Through ev'ry day, o'er all the way;
He will take care of you,
God will take care of you.

Through days of toil when heart doth fail,
God will take care of you;
When dangers fierce your path assail,
God will take care of you.

All you may need He will provide,
God will take care of you;
Trust Him, and you will be satisfied,
God will take care of you.

No matter what may be the test,
God will take care of you;
Lean, weary one upon His breast,
God will take care of you.

13 HE'S AN UNCHANGING SAVIOUR

When the scenes of life shift about us
Like the backdrops in a play,
Were our trust in the things that surround us,
In the things that pass away,
We should then be full of confusion, without hope and in dismay.
What a joy instead to be anchored to the rock that will ever stay!

Chorus:
Then we will press onward, for Christ is still the same.
What He was in ages past is what He will remain.
And forevermore that is what He will be,
For time and for e-ter-ni-ty!
He's an unchanging Sa-vior, with an undying love.
He's an unchanging Sa-vior, our life, our sur-e--ty.

He alone laid the earth's foundations
And then pronounced them good.
He alone can impart salvation
For he bought it with His blood.
Though the heathen vainly imagine they can cast his pow'r aside,
We will stake our claim on the all sufficient name that will ever abide!

14 HE WALKS BESIDE ME

He walks beside me along the road;
He walks beside me and bears my load.
I let Him lead me, He knows the way;
He walks beside me from day to day.

"I'll never leave thee," His promise sure,
"I'll not forsake thee, I'll keep thee pure
Along the pathway so stained with sin;
I'll give thee victory and peace within."

I trust in Jesus along the way;
I trust in Jesus through every day.
His eye will guide me, though dark the night;
I trust in Jesus, He is my Light.

15 HIGHER HANDS

Though it seems I'm oft unnoticed
And lost in time and space,
God above is watching o'er me,
Though I cannot see His face.

Chorus:
Higher hands are leading me,
Higher hands are leading me,
I am not alone, I know,
As I walk this world below,
For higher hands are leading me.

O how sweet to know He hears me
When I go to Him in prayer;
And I tell Him all my troubles
When my heart is bowed with care.

There's a great eternal purpose
In the life of everyone,
And someday we'll know its meaning
When our days on earth are done.

All my times are in His keeping,
He has numbered me my years;
And someday He'll take me yonder
Where there'll be no pain or tears.

So I face an unknown future
Full of faith and unafraid;
And the peace I have through trusting
For the world I would not trade.

16 IF I TRIED TO LIVE FOR YOU, LORD, TODAY

If I tried to live for You, Lord, today,
If I tried to follow Your wonderful way,
Then all of my life would be me and not You,
And none of Your glory would ever shine through.

Take each new day, whatever's in store,
Take my whole being and into me pour,
Your power and Your Spirit, oh make me anew;
For no one can change me, Lord Jesus, but You.

17 IF YOU KNOW THE LORD

If you know the Lord, you need nobody else
To see you through the darkest night.
You can walk alone, you only need the Lord,
He'll keep you on the road marked right.
Take time to pray every day,
And when you're heading home,
He'll show you the way.
If you know the Lord, you need nobody else
To see the light, His wonderful light.

18 O REJOICE IN THE LORD

God never moves without purpose or plan
When trying His servant and moulding a man.
Give thanks to the Lord though your testing seems long;
In darkness He giveth a song.

Chorus:
O rejoice in the Lord, He makes no mistake.
He knoweth the end of each path that I take.
For when I am tried and purified,
I shall come forth as gold.

I could not see through the shadows ahead;
So I looked at the cross of my Saviour instead.
I bowed to the will of the Master that day;
Then peace came and tears fled away.

Now I can see testing comes from above;
God strengthens His children and purges in love.
My Father knows best, and I trust in His care;
Through purging more fruit I will bear.

19 PERFECT PEACE

When life's burdens get so heavy and it seems I'm all alone,
I cast my care on Je - sus and come boldly to His throne.
I find His grace suf - fi - cient when His promises I heed.
For His very life He sacrificed, and He lives to intercede.

Chorus:
He is the Lord of lords, and when He speaks,
Winds and waves obey.
When Jesus whispers, "Peace, be still,"
Then darkness turns to day.
And as I'm trusting in my Saviour's word
Doubts and fears all cease.
And beneath the shelter of His wings
I'm at rest in perfect peace.

I will seek for souls in darkness, Calv'ry's love with them to share.
Empowered by His Spirit I will follow anywhere.
For I know whate'er befall me my Lord is in control.
And as my mind is stayed on him perfect peace He gives my soul.

20 JESUS, SAVIOUR, PILOT ME

Jesus, Saviour, pilot me
Over life's tempestuous sea;
Unknown waves before me roll,
Hiding rocks and treach'rous shoal;
Chart and compass came from Thee:
Jesus, Saviour, pilot me.

As a mother stills her child,
Thou canst hush the ocean wild;
Boisterous waves obey Thy will
When Thou say'st to them, "Be still!"
Wondrous Sovereign of the sea,
Jesus, Saviour, pilot me.

When at last I near the shore,
And the fearful breakers roar
'Twixt me and the peaceful rest,
Then, while leaning on Thy breast,
May I hear Thee say to me,
"Fear not, I will pilot thee."

21 JESUS SAVIOUR BLESSED FRIEND

Whom have I, O Lord, beside You?
What have I except Your love?
Where is home if not for heaven,
There to dwell with You above?
Who are You, if not my Savior?
Who am I if not Your own?
What are You if not my shelter,
Christ, my Rock and Cornerstone?
Jesus, Saviour, blessed friend,
I will love You without end.

Who will share my earthly sorrow?
Who will heal my broken heart?
Who will hold my life together
When it seems to fall apart?
When the fears are far too many,
And the joys are far too few,
Who will comfort and defend me?
Only You, Lord, only You.
Jesus, Savior, dearest friend
I will trust You without end.

Where, O Lord, when life is over,
Can I go, but home to You?
What have I except the promise
Where You are I shall be too?
When at last I reach the comfort
Of that bright celestial place,
There with joy will I behold You,
Gaze upon Your glorious face.
Jesus, Savior, heav'nly friend,
I will praise You without end.
I will praise You without end.

22 ONLY TRUST HIM

Come, every soul by sin oppressed, there's mercy with the Lord;
And He will surely give you rest by trusting in His Word.

Chorus:
Only trust Him! Only trust Him! Only trust Him now!
He will save you! He will save you! He will save you now!

For Jesus shed His precious blood rich blessings to bestow;
Plunge now into the crimson flood that washes white as snow.

Yes, Jesus is the Truth, the Way, that leads you into rest;
Believe in Him without delay, and you are fully blest.

Come, then, and join this holy band, and on to glory go,
To dwell in that celestial land, where joys immortal flow.

23 THE HAVEN OF REST

My soul in sad exile was out on life's sea,
So burdened with sin and distressed,
Till I heard a sweet voice saying,
Make me your choice,
And I entered the haven of rest.

Chorus:
I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest,
I'll sail the wide seas no more;
The tempest may sweep over the wild, stormy deep;
In Jesus I'm safe evermore.

I yielded myself to His tender embrace,
And faith taking hold of the word,
My fetters fell off, and I anchored my soul;
The haven of rest is my Lord.

The song of my soul, since the Lord made me whole,
Has been the old story so blest,
Of Jesus, who'll save whosoever will have
A home in the haven of rest.

O come to the Saviour, He patiently waits
To save by His power divine;
Come, anchor your soul in the haven of rest,
And say, My Belovèd is mine.

24 TRUSTING JESUS

Simply trusting every day, Trusting through a stormy way;
Even when my faith is small, Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Chorus:
Trusting as the moments fly, Trusting as the days go by;
Trusting Him whate'er befall, Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Brightly doth His Spirit shine, into this poor heart of mine;
While He leads I cannot fall, Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Singing if my way is clear, praying if the path be drear;
If in danger for Him call; Trusting Jesus, that is all.

Trusting Him while life shall last, Trusting Him till earth is past,
Till within the jasper wall, Trusting Jesus, that is all.

25 YESTERDAY, TODAY, FOREVER

O how sweet the glorious message simple faith may claim;
Yesterday, today, forever, Jesus is the same!
Still He loves to save the sinful, heal the sick and lame,
Cheer the mourner, calm the tempest - Glory to His name!

Chorus:
Yesterday, today, forever, Jesus is the same;
All may change, but Jesus never - Glory to His Name!
Glory to His Name, Glory to His Name;
All may change, but Jesus never - Glory to His Name!

Him who pardoned erring Peter never need'st thou fear;
He who came to faithless Thomas all thy doubt will clear;
He who let the loved disciple on His bosom rest
Bids thee still, with love as tender, lean upon His breast.

He who 'mid the raging billows walked upon the sea
Still can hush our wildest tempest, as on Galilee;
He who wept and prayed in anguish in Gethsemane,
Drinks with us each cup of trembling, in our agony.

As of old He walked to Emmaus, with them to abide,
So through all life's way He walketh, ever near our side;
Soon again shall we behold Him, hasten, Lord, the day!
But 'twill still be "this same Jesus," as He went away.

26 THIS IS MY FATHER'S WORLD

This is my Father's world,
And to my list'ning ears,
All nature sings, and round me rings
The music of the spheres.
This is my Father's world,
I rest me in the thought
Of rocks and trees, of skies and seas;
His hand the wonders wrought.

This is my Father's world,
The birds their carols raise;
The morning light, the lily white,
Declare their Maker's praise.
This is my Father's world,
He shines in all that's fair;
In the rustling grass I hear him pass,
He speaks to me everywhere.

This is my Father's world,
O let me ne'er forget
That though the wrong seems oft so strong,
God is the Ruler yet.
This is my Father's world,
The battle is not done,
Jesus who died shall be satisfied,
And earth and heav'n be one.

27 SAFE IN THE ARMS OF JESUS

Safe in the arms of Jesus, safe on His gentle breast,
There by His love o'ershaded, sweetly my soul shall rest.
Hark! 'tis the voice of angels, borne in a song to me
Over the fields of glory, over the jasper sea.

Chorus:
Safe in the arms of Jesus, safe on His gentle breast,
There by His love o'ershaded, sweetly my soul shall rest.

Safe in the arms of Jesus, safe from corroding care,
Safe from the world's temptations, sin cannot harm me there.
Free from the blight of sorrow, free from my doubts and fears;
Only a few more trials, only a few more tears!

Jesus, my heart's dear refuge, Jesus has died for me;
Firm on the Rock of Ages ever my trust shall be.
Here let me wait with patience, wait till the night is o'er;
Wait till I see the morning Break on the golden shore.

28 TRUST AND OBEY

When we walk with the Lord in the light of His Word,
What a glory He sheds on our way!
While we do His good will, He abides with us still,
And with all who will trust and o-bey.

Chorus:
Trust and obey! For there's no other way
To be happy in Jesus, but to trust and o-bey.

Not a shadow can rise, not a cloud in the skies,
But His smile quickly drives it away;
Not a doubt nor a fear, not a sigh nor a tear,
Can abide while we trust and obey.

Not a burden we bear, not a sorrow we share,
But our toil He doth richly repay;
Not a grief nor a loss, not a frown nor a cross,
But is blest if we trust and obey.

But we never can prove the delights of His love
Until all on the altar we lay;
For the favour He shows, and the joy He bestows,
Are for those who will trust and obey.

Then in fellowship sweet we will sit at His feet,
Or we'll walk by His side in the way;
What He says we will do, where He sends we will go;
Never fear, only trust and obey.

29 SHOWERS OF BLESSING

There shall be showers of blessing;
This is the promise of love;
There shall be seasons refreshing,
Sent from the Saviour above.

Chorus:
Showers of blessing,
Showers of blessing we need:
Mercy drops round us are falling,
But for the showers we plead.

There shall be showers of blessing;
Precious reviving again;
Over the hills and the valleys,
Sound of abundance of rain.

There shall be showers of blessing;
Send them upon us, O Lord;
Grant to us now a refreshing,
Come, and now honor Thy Word.

There shall be showers of blessing;
Oh, that today they might fall,
Now as to God we're confessing,
Now as on Jesus we call!

30 TRUST

Trust in the morning, trust in the light;
Trust in the evening, trust in the night.
God cannot fail you, His way is best.
Learn how to trust whatever the test.

Chorus:
Trust in the Lord, lean on His Word.
Trust in the Lord, lean wholly on His Word.
Trust Him in sorrow, trust Him in pain;
Trust Him when all of life seems in vain.
Though you are weary, follow Him still.
All He has promised He will fulfill.

Trust every moment, trust all the day;
Trust Him however dark seems the way.
Blessings abound, and still there is more.
Faith is the key that opens the door.

31 TAKE THE NAME OF JESUS WITH YOU

Take the name of Jesus with you,
Child of sorrow and of woe;
It will joy and comfort give you
Take it then, where'er you go.

Chorus:
Precious name, O how sweet!
Hope of earth and joy of heav'n;
Precious name, O how sweet!
Hope of earth and joy of heav'n.

Take the name of Jesus ever,
As a shield from every snare;
If temptations round you gather,
Breathe that holy name in prayer.

O the precious name of Jesus!
How it thrills our souls with joy,
When His loving arms receive us,
And His songs our tongues employ!

At the name of Jesus bowing,
Falling prostrate at His feet,
King of kings, in heav'n we'll crown Him,
When our journey is complete.

32 THE WAY OF THE CROSS LEADS HOME

I must needs go home by the way of the cross,
There's no other way but this;
I shall ne'er get sight of the gates of light
If the way of the cross I miss.

Chorus:
The way of the cross leads home,
The way of the cross leads home;
It is sweet to know, as I onward go,
The way of the cross leads home.

I must needs go on in the blood-sprinkled way,
The path that the Saviour trod,
If I ever climb to the heights sublime,
Where the soul is at home with God.

Then I bid farewell to the way of the world,
To walk in it nevermore;
For my Lord says, "Come," and I seek my home,
Where He waits at the open door.

33 SAVED BY GRACE

Some day the silver cord will break,
And I no more as now shall sing;
But Oh, the joy when I shall wake
Within the palace of the King!

Chorus:
And I shall see Him face to face,
And tell the story Saved by grace;
And I shall see Him face to face,
And tell the story Saved by grace.

Some day my earthly house will fall,
I cannot tell how soon 'twill be;
But this I know my All in All
Has now a place in heav'n for me.

Some day when fades the golden sun
Beneath the rosy tinted west,
My blessèd Lord will say, Well done!
And I shall enter into rest.

Some day till then I'll watch and wait,
My lamp all trimmed and burning bright,
That when my Saviour opens the gate,
My soul to Him may take its flight.

34 TIS SO SWEET TO TRUST IN JESUS

'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to take Him at His Word,
Just to rest upon His promise,
Just to know, Thus saith the Lord.

Chorus:
Jesus, Jesus, how I trust Him!
How I've proved Him o'er and o'er!
Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus!
O for grace to trust Him more!

O how sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just to trust His cleansing blood;
Just in simple faith to plunge me
'Neath the healing, cleansing flood!

Yes, 'tis sweet to trust in Jesus,
Just from sin and self to cease;
Just from Jesus simply taking
Life and rest, and joy and peace.

I'm so glad I learned to trust Thee,
Precious Jesus, Saviour, Friend;
And I know that Thou art with me,
Wilt be with me to the end.

35 THE SAVIOUR WILL KEEP YOU

The Saviour will keep you, not only on Sunday,
But each day the whole journey through!
On Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday
And Thursday and Friday and Saturday too!
Each day of the week and each week of the month,
And each month of the year He'll be true,
So trust Him, confess Him, and serve and obey Him,
He'll save, keep and satisfy you!

36 TWO LITTLE EYES TO LOOK TO GOD

Two little eyes to look to God,
Two little ears to hear His Word,
Two little feet to walk in His ways,
Two little lips to sing His praise,
Two little hands to do His will,
And one little heart to love Him still.

37 YF THEME SONG

Young Lifers are we, soldiers of God.
Christ is our Leader and Christ our Lord.
So may we in battles win,
Because we know Him.

To make Him known, now is our task.
This is commanded by Christ our Lord.
In future will we battles win,
Because we have Him.

38 WE HAVE NOT KNOWN THEE AS WE OUGHT

We have not known Thee as we ought,
Nor learned thy wisdom, grace, and power;
The things of earth have filled our thought,
And trifles of the passing hour.
Lord, give us light thy truth to see,
And make us wise in knowing thee.

We have not feared thee as we ought,
Nor bowed beneath thine awful eye,
Nor guarded deed, and word, and thought,
Remembering that God was nigh.
Lord, give us faith to know thee near,
And grant the grace of holy fear.

We have not loved thee as we ought,
Nor cared that we are loved by thee;
Thy presence we have coldly sought,
And feebly longed thy face to see.
Lord, give a pure and loving heart
To feel and own the love thou art.

We have not served thee as we ought;
Alas! the duties left undone,
The work with little fervour wrought,
The battles lost, or scarcely won!
Lord, give the zeal, and give the might,
For thee to toil, for thee to fight.

When shall we know thee as we ought,
And fear, and love, and serve aright!
When shall we, out of trial brought,
Be perfect in the land of light!
Lord, may we day by day prepare
To see thy face, and serve thee there.

39 SUNDAY SCHOOL ANTHEM

Life Church Sunday School, that's the place for me,
Every Lord's Day, happy as can be.
Here I read the Bible, and I learn the Gospel,
Here I worship Him who died for me.
Praise Him! Praise Him! Let us one and all
Spread the Good News whether big or small.
So let's bring our friends and loved ones
To our Saviour, Jesus Christ of Calvary.

40 COME AND DINE

Jesus has a table spread
Where the saints of God are fed,
He invites His chosen people, "Come and dine";
With His manna He doth feed
And supplies our every need:
O 'tis sweet to sup with Jesus all the time!

Chorus:
"Come and dine," the Master calleth, "Come and dine";
You may feast at Jesus' table all the time;
He Who fed the multitude, turned the water into wine,
To the hungry calleth now, "Come and dine."

The disciples came to land,
Thus obeying Christ's command,
For the Master called unto them, "Come and dine";
There they found their heart's desire,
Bread and fish upon the fire;
Thus He satisfies the hungry every time.

Soon the Lamb will take His bride
To be ever at His side,
All the host of Heaven will assembled be;
O 'twill be a glorious sight,
All the saints in spotless white;
And with Jesus they will feast eternally.

41 SWEETER THAN THE DAY BEFORE

Every day with Jesus
Is sweeter than the day before,
Every day with Jesus,
I love Him more and more;
Jesus saves and keeps me,
And He's the One I'm waiting for;
Every day with Jesus
Is sweeter than the day before.

42 ALL THE WAY MY SAVIOUR LEADS ME

All the way my Saviour leads me
What have I to ask beside?
Can I doubt His tender mercy,
Who through life has been my Guide?
Heav'nly peace, divinest comfort,
Here by faith in Him to dwell!
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well;
For I know, whate'er befall me,
Jesus doeth all things well.

All the way my Saviour leads me
Cheers each winding path I tread,
Gives me grace for every trial,
Feeds me with the living Bread.
Though my weary steps may falter
And my soul athirst may be,
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! A spring of joy I see;
Gushing from the Rock before me,
Lo! A spring of joy I see.

All the way my Saviour leads me
O the fullness of His love!
Perfect rest to me is promised
In my Father's house above.
When my spirit, clothed immortal,
Wings its flight to realms of day
This my song through endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way;
This my song through endless ages:
Jesus led me all the way.

43 PINE AND PALM

There's a Church in a garden by a greenwood
No lovelier church I have known.
No place is so dear to our childhood
As the garden of fragrant pine and palm.

Chorus:
Oh, come, come, come, come,
Come to Life Church in the greenwood
Oh come to the church where we've grown.
No place is so dear to our childhood
As the garden of fragrant pine and palm.

How sweet on a bright Sunday morning,
To list to the big chiming bell.
Its tones so earnestly calling,
Oh come to church in the dell.

Let us go to the Church in yon greenwood,
By the bowers o'er Galilee Sea.
Where the sacred songs will be chanted,
There the Master bids us dine on the lea.

From the Church in a garden by a greenwood,
When day fades away into night.
I would fain from this haunt of my childhood,
Wing my way to the mansions of light.

44 BLESSED IS THE MAN

Blessed is the man, the man who does not walk
In the counsel of the wicked - blessed is that man.
He who rejects the way, rejects the way of sin
And who turns away from scoffing - blessed is that man.
But his delight by day and night
Is the Law of God almighty.

He is like a tree - a tree that flourishes,
Being planted by the water - blessed is that man.
He will bring forth fruit, his leaf will wither not
For in all he does he prospers - blessed is that man.
For his delight by day and night
Is the Law of God almighty.

The wicked are not so - for they are like the chaff
Which the wind blows clean away - the wicked are not so.
The wicked will not stand on the judgement day,
Nor belong to God's people - the wicked will not stand.
But God knows the way of righteous men
And ungodly ways will perish.

Blessed is the man, the man who does not walk
In the counsel of the wicked - blessed is that man.

45 A COMMON LOVE

Chorus:
A common love for each other,
A common gift to the Sa-viour,
A common bond holding us to the Lord.
A common strength when we're weary,
A common hope for to-mo-rrow,
A common joy in the truth of God's word.

In His family we can meet each one's needs,
We can light each one's path,
We can bear each one's grief.
As His children we can comfort each care,
We can build each one's faith,
We can work we can share.

In His family all the love that we show,
All the help that we give,
All the life we bestow.
As His children they're an offering we make,
Not expecting return,
Just a gift for His sake.

46 ANYWHERE WITH JESUS

Anywhere with Jesus I can safely go,
Anywhere He leads me in this world below;
Anywhere without Him dearest joys would fade;
Anywhere with Jesus I am not afraid.

Chorus:
Anywhere, anywhere! Fear I cannot know;
Anywhere with Jesus I can safely go.

Anywhere with Jesus I am not alone;
Other friends may fail me, He is still my own;
Though His hand may lead me over dreary ways,
Anywhere with Jesus is a house of praise.

Anywhere with Jesus, over land and sea,
Telling souls in darkness of salvation free;
Ready as He summons me to go or stay,
Anywhere with Jesus when He points the way.

Anywhere with Jesus I can go to sleep,
When the dark'ning shadows round about me creep,
Knowing I shall waken nevermore to roam;
Anywhere with Jesus will be home, sweet home.

47 BE YE KIND ONE TO ANOTHER

Be ye kind one to another be tenderhearted, too;
Be kind to one another In everything you do.
Just follow Christ's example: be loving, kind and true,
Forgiving one another as God hath for-gi-ven you.

48 CHRIST FOR ME

Christ for me, yes it's Christ for me!
He's my Saviour, my Lord and King -
I'm so happy I shout and sing!
Christ for me, yes it's Christ for me!
Every day as I go my way it is Christ for me!

49 A NEW COMMANDMENT

A new commandment, I give unto you.
That you love one a-no-ther, as I have loved you.
That you love one a-no-ther, as I have loved you.
By this shall all men know you are my dis-ci-ples
If you have love one for a-no-ther.
By this shall all men know you are my disciples,
If you have love one for another.

50 BLESSED BE THE TIE

Blest be the tie that binds
Our hearts in Christian love;
The fellowship of kindred minds
Is like to that a - bove.

Before our Father's throne
We pour our ardent pray'rs;
Our fears, our hopes, our aims, are one,
Our comforts and our cares.

We share our mutual woes,
Our mutual burdens bear;
And often for each other flows
The sympathizing tear.

When we asunder part,
It gives us inward pain;
But we shall still be joined in heart,
And hope to meet again.

51 BRIGHTEN THE CORNER WHERE YOU ARE

Do not wait until some deed of greatness you may do,
Do not wait to shed your light afar,
To the many duties ever near you now be true,
Brighten the corner where you are.

Chorus:
Brighten the corner where you are!
Brighten the corner where you are!
Someone far from harbour
You may guide across the bar,
Brighten the corner where you are.

52 BURDENS ARE LIFTED AT CALVARY

Days are filled with sorrow and care, Hearts are lonely and drear.
Burdens are lifted at Calvary, Jesus is very near.

Chorus:
Burdens are lifted at Calvary, Calvary, Calvary;
Burdens are lifted at Calvary, Jesus is very near.

Cast your care on Jesus today,
Leave your worry and fear.
Burdens are lifted at Calvary,
Jesus is very near.

Troubled soul, the Savior can see
Every heartache and tear.
Burdens are lifted at Calvary,
Jesus is very near.

53 I'M WALKING ALONG A HEAVENLY ROAD

I'm walking along a heavenly road
Since Jesus took all my sins away,
And somewhere there rings a heavenly song
That brightens my pathway each day.
The sins that bind me, bind me no more
And now I'm bound for a heavenly shore.
And all the darkness of night has turned to day
Since Jesus took all my sins away.

54 BUT CONTINUE THOU

These days are drawing close to an end.
God has been working on you, my dear friend.
Your heart has been tender, tho' others' stone cold.
For you who are hungry a message we hold.

Chorus:
But continue thou in the things thou hast learned.
But continue thou in the things thou hast learned.
May ev'ry seed sown in love here be reaped in your life.
But continue thou in the things thou hast learned.

Now to the journey you must now face.
Champions He'll make you if you run His race.
Your strength is made perfect when it is so weak.
His grace is sufficient when His face you seek.

55 CUPS OF COLD WATER

Helping the widow and orphans in their need,
Helping the sick ones and binding hearts that bleed;
Feeding the hungry concerns the Lord above,
By this we serve Him and demonstrate His love.

Chorus:
Cups of cold water giv'n in Jesus' name,
Cups of cold water are never giv'n in vain;
Someday in heaven when we meet the Lord,
Each deed of kindness will bring a rich reward.

Sharing the Gospel with sinners gone astray,
Holding the light up so they can find the way;
Lifting the fallen, this we must surely do,
If to our calling, as Christians, we are true.

56 WELCOME TO THE FAMILY

Welcome to the family,
We're glad that you have come to share your life with us
As we grow in love,
And may we always be to you
What God would have us be - a family always there
To be strong and to lean on.
May we learn to love each other more with each new day,
May words of love be on our lips in everything we say,
May God's Spirit touch our hearts and teach us how to pray,
That we might be a true family.
Welcome to the family,
We're glad that you have come to share your life with us
As we grow in love.
And may we always be to you
What God would have us be - a family always there
To be strong and to lean on.

57 WELCOME MEDLEY

Hi! Everybody here, welcome to all you, folks,
Sit down and seek the Lord and hear His voice
To speak to our hearts and change all our lives
By the blessed examples found in His Word.
There's a welcome here, there's a welcome here,
There's a Christian welcome here. Hallelujah!
There's a welcome here, there's a welcome here,
There's a Christian welcome here.
Welcome, welcome all of you,
Glad you are with us;
Shake hands, no need to be blue,
Welcome to you!

58 HIS BANNER OVER ME IS LOVE

My beloved is mine and I am His
And his banner over me is love.
My beloved is mine and I am His
And his banner over me is love.
My beloved is mine and I am His
And his banner over me is love.
His banner over me is love.

He brought me to his banqueting table
And his banner over me is love.
He brought me to his banqueting table
And his banner over me is love.
He brought me to his banqueting table
And his banner over me is love.
His banner over me is love.

He lift me up to the heavenly places
And his banner over me is love.
He lift me up to the heavenly places
And his banner over me is love.
He lift me up to the heavenly places
And his banner over me is love.
His banner over me is love.

59 SWEETER AS THE YEARS GO BY

Of Jesus' love that sought me when I was lost in sin-
Of wondrous grace that brought me back to His fold again-
Of heights and depths of mercy far deeper than the sea
And higher than the heavens, my theme shall ever be.

Chorus:
Sweeter as the years go by,
Sweeter as the years go by;
Richer, fuller, deeper, Jesus' love is sweeter,
Sweeter as the years go by.

He trod in old Judea life's pathway long ago-
The people thronged about Him His saving grace to know;
He healed the brokenhearted, and caused the blind to see;
And still His great heart yearneth in love for even me.

'Twas wondrous love which led Him for us to suffer loss-
To bear without a murmur the anguish of the cross;
With saints redeemed in glory let us our voices raise,
Till heav'n and earth re-echo with our Redeemer's praise.

60 THE STEPS OF A GOOD MAN

The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord
And he delighteth in His way.
Though he fall, though he fall,
He shall not be cast down;
For the Lord upholdeth him with His hand.
With His hand, with His hand,
For the Lord upholdeth him with His hand.
Though he fall, though he fall,
He shall not be cast down;
For the Lord upholdeth him with His hand.

61 WALK IN THE LIGHT

Walk in the light! so shalt thou know
That fellowship of love
His Spirit only can bestow
Who reigns in light a - bove.

Walk in the light! and thou shalt find
Thy heart made truly His,
Who dwells in cloudless light enshrined,
In whom no darkness is.

Walk in the light! and thou shalt own
Thy darkness passed away,
Because that light hath on thee shone
In which is perfect day.

Walk in the light! and e'en the tomb
No fearful shade shall wear;
Glory shall chase away its gloom,
For Christ hath conquered there.

Walk in the light! thy path shall be
A path, though thorny, bright;
For God, by grace, shall dwell in thee,
And God Himself is light.

62 STILL, STILL WITH THEE

Still, still with Thee- when purple morning breaketh,
When the bird waketh and the shadows flee;
Fairer than morning, lovelier than daylight,
Dawns the sweet consciousness- I am with Thee!

Alone with Thee amid the mystic shadows-
The solemn hush of nature newly born;
Alone with Thee in breathless adoration,
In the calm dew and freshness of the morn!

Still, still with Thee- as to each newborn morning
A fresh and solemn splendor still is giv'n,
So does this blessèd consciousness, awaking,
Breathe each day nearness unto Thee and heav'n!

When sinks the soul, subdued by toil, to slumber,
Its closing eyes look up to Thee in prayer;
Sweet the repose beneath Thy wings o'ershading,
But sweeter still to wake and find Thee there!

So shall it be at last in that bright morning,
When the soul waketh and life's shadows flee;
O in that hour, fairer than daylight dawning,
Shall rise the glorious thought- I am with Thee!

63 I'LL BE A SUNBEAM

Jesus wants me for a sunbeam,
To shine for Him each day;
In every way try to please Him,
At home, at school, at play.

Chorus:
A sunbeam, a sunbeam,
Jesus wants me for a sunbeam;
A sunbeam, a sunbeam,
I'll be a sunbeam for Him.

Jesus wants me to be loving,
And kind to all I see;
Showing how pleasant and happy
His little one can be.

I will ask Jesus to help me
To keep my heart from sin,
Ever reflecting His goodness,
And always shine for Him.

I'll be a sunbeam for Jesus;
I can if I but try;
Serving Him moment by moment,
Then live with Him on high.

64 LET ME A LITTLE KINDER

Let me be a little kinder,
Let me be a little blinder
To the faults of those around me;
Let me praise a little more.
Let me pray when I am weary,
Be a little bit more cheery;
Think a little more of others
And a little less of me.

Let me be a little braver
When temptation bids me waver;
Let me strive a little harder
To be all that I should be.
Let me be a little meeker
With a brother who is weaker;
Let me think more of my neighbour
And a little less of me.

65 IT'S NOT AN EASY ROAD

It's not an easy road we are travelling to heaven,
For many are the thorns on the way;
It's not an easy road, but the Saviour is with us,
His presence gives us joy every day.

Chorus:
No, no, it's not an easy road,
No, no, it's not an easy road;
But Jesus walks beside me and brightens the journey,
And lightens every heavy load.

It's not an easy road – there are trials and troubles,
And many are the dangers we meet;
But Jesus guards and keeps so that nothing can harm us,
And smooths the rugged path for our feet.

Though I am often footsore and weary from travel,
Though I am often bowed down with care,
A better day is coming when home in the glory,
We'll rest in perfect peace over there.

66 KOINONIA

O, what peace we have in Je - sus,
In the blood-bought bond of love;
Giv'n to us by God Je-ho-vah,
Who is King of kings and Lord of lords.

Chorus:
So let us be bound together,
By the golden cord of God's love;
And let us focus on Christ
And strive for things above,
For earthly things will soon be gone.

After last chorus:
And let us focus on Christ
And strive for things above,
For earthly things will soon be gone.

What will remain are precious mem'ries
Of lessons we've learnt on earth.
Taught to us by God Jehovah,
To prepare us for the home above.

67 KEEP WALKING WITH THE LORD

Jesus wants to keep us in His care;
Everywhere we go He's always there.
He can give us joy beyond compare,
Walking in the goodness of the Lord.

Chorus:
Keep walking with the Lord all the way;
Keep trusting in His Word every day.
Keep looking for the Son, watch and pray -
Keep walking, trusting, all the way,
Looking, watching, praying every day.

If we follow Jesus, He will lead;
He will then supply our every need.
Absolute success is guaranteed -
Walking in the goodness of the Lord.

Jesus is our Saviour, God and King;
We can look to Him for everything.
After all He's done, let's shout and sing -
Walking in the goodness of the Lord.

68 IN CHRIST THERE IS NO EAST OR WEST

In Christ there is no East or West,
In Him no South or North,
But one great fellowship of love
Throughout the whole wide earth.

In Him shall true hearts ev'rywhere
Their high communion find;
His service is the golden cord
Close-binding all mankind.

Join hands then, brothers of the faith,
Whate'er your race may be;
Who serves my Father as a son
Is surely kin to me.

In Christ now meet both East and West,
In Him meet South and North;
All Christly souls are one in Him
Throughout the whole wide earth.

69 I'M ADOPTED

I am adopted; I'm a child of the King.
God is my Father, and He owns ev'rything.
He walks beside me; He's my very best friend.
Praise God, I'll never be lonely again.

Chorus:
I'm adopted, hallelu-jah! I've got a new song.
I'm adopted, hallelujah! I fin'lly belong.
I've got a brand new family overflowing with love.
I'm a child of my father above.

My Father chose me, and He loves me, I know.
He will be with me wherever I go.
I'll never worry; I have joined royalty.
I am a member of the King's family.

70 LORD, HELP OUR FELLOWSHIP

Lord, help our fellowship that we may grow in grace,
Sustained by Thy Word and prayer, and Thy mercy we embrace.
Strengthen each one's faith, keep us from every sin,
O, let us come to Thee in faith and humility.

Guide us in the narrow way, that we will be true to Thee,
Grant us Thy Holy Ghost, that each day we will be free.
Lead us on our pilgrimage, keep Satan at his bay,
O, lest we go astray, Lord help us in the fray.

Brethren, let us draw nigh boldly to God's mercy seat,
In fervency of heart, hold fast and not depart.
Fight on, O let us fight on, undaunted and unafraid,
O, let us press on and strive till th' end of this transient life.

71 FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT

Fight the good fight with all thy might!
Christ is thy strength and Christ thy right;
Lay hold on life and it shall be
Thy joy and crown eternally.

Run the straight race thru God's good grace,
Lift up thine eyes and seek His face;
Life with its way before us lies,
Christ is the path and Christ the prize.

Cast care aside, lean on thy Guide,
His boundless mercy will provide;
Trust, and thy trusting soul shall prove
Christ is its life and Christ its love.

Faint not nor fear, for He is near,
He changeth not and thou art dear;
Only believe, and thou shalt see
That Christ is all in all to thee.

72 WALKING WITH THEE

O my Lord, help me walk in the path,
Though the way be thorny and rough,
Thou can see, O I am feeble and frail
And so often my doubts prevail.

Chorus:
O God, I long, I long to walk with Thee;
Through the day, and all through the night;
O God, let me walk, let me constantly follow,
All the way, after Thee.

Sometimes, I am dazzled by lights
Of my pride, of the world so bright.
Sometimes, chains of tempatations assail,
My sinfulness I see so real.

Then look up, step steadfastly on
When the storms of life trouble you;
Look beyond, constantly follow My hand -
I am slowly moulding a man.

Then, my child, in your faith be strong,
Follow not the path of erring throngs,
I am, child, constantly making you wise,
Press on and you shall see the prize.

Chorus for last stanza:
We shall mount up with wings as the eagles up above
We shall run, we shall not be weary, fainting not
We shall walk, by Thy strength we will stand forever more,
By Thy grace we will stand.

73 WALKING WITH JESUS

Walking with Jesus,
Walking everyday, walking all the way,
Walking with Jesus, walking with Jesus alone.
Walking in the sunlight, walking in the shadow,
Walking everyday, walking all the way,
Walking in the sunlight, walking in the shadow,
Walking with Jesus alone.

Step by step, all the way,
I will follow Jesus,

Step by step, all the way,
I will follow Him.

74 COME CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS

Come Christian soldiers, one and all
And let us heed our Master's call;
He bids us yield our wills to fight
Not in our strength, but in His might,
The fearful, dark and awesome foe
Whose pow-ers plague the world below.

Come, let us arm ourselves aright
With God's whole armour, clean and bright
The panoply that's ours to wear,
Designed to make us stand and bear
Till Satan's evil day is past
And we shall stand with Christ, at last.

Come, let us take the Truth of God
And girded with His Holy Word
The armour must be held in place
Secure and safe in Truth's Embrace;
Then take the breastplate God imparts:
The righteousness which keeps our hearts.

Come, let our feet be firm and sure
By putting on the Gospel pure
That brings the peace we need, to live -
The peace that only Christ can give;
And quench the fiery darts of Hell
By using faith to shield us well.

Come, take the helmet and the sword
To win the battles of the Lord:
Salvation's hope, our fight to press
Despite our mindful weariness;
The Word of God, our means shall be
To swift and blessed victory.

Come, let us in the Spirit pray
To keep our armour bright each day,
And let us watch for every saint
That none should ever fall or faint,
But boldly braving every test
Till we find our eternal rest.

75 THE JOY OF THE LORD

The joy of the LORD is my strength,
The joy of the LORD is my strength,
The joy of the LORD is my strength,
The joy of the LORD is my strength.

He heals the broken-hearted and they cry no more,
He heals the broken-hearted and they cry no more,
He heals the broken-hearted and they cry no more,
The joy of the LORD is my strength.

He gives me living water and I thirst no more,
He gives me living water and I thirst no more,
He gives me living water and I thirst no more,
The joy of the LORD is my strength.

76 COUNT IT ALL JOY

When the ways of God unequal seem to be,
And the trials He sends appear too hard for thee,
He has promised you His wisdom shall be given lib'rally:
If you ask in faith with patience, soon His purpose you shall see.

Chorus:
Count it all joy, (count it all joy)
when darkness clouds the path you've trod.
Trust in His Word, (trust him)
that the secret things belong to the Lord our God.
Count it all joy, (count it all joy)
and for the crown of life endure.
Let your patience make you perfect and complete in all His will,
And the grace of God employ to count it all joy.

As with Job, the Lord doth often hide His face;
Still He's faithful to provide a secret place
To escape from each temptation thru His all sufficient grace,
So rejoice in tribulation, and your trial now embrace.

77 RISE UP AGAIN

Though sin has beset you and taken control,
Though Satan's great strongholds stand fast in your soul,
Whatever your failure, though great be your fall,
God's mercy and pardon are offered to all.

Chorus:
Rise up again. Take back the ground.
Turn from your sin and let grace abound.
Press toward the prize; the victory you'll win.
Forget things behind you and rise up again.

Let's seek those who've fallen from grace to restore
And show them God's mercies forever endure.
Inspite of our past our Lord uses us still,
And works it for good in the course of His will.

78 WHO IS ON THE LORD'S SIDE?

Who is on the Lord's side?
Who will serve the King?
Who will be his helpers,
Other lives to bring?
Who will leave the world's side?
Who will face the foe?
Who is on the Lord's side?
Who for him will go?
By thy call of mercy,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side
Saviour, we are Thine!

Not for weight of glory,
Not for crown and palm,
Enter we the army,
Rraise the warrior psalm;
But for love that claimeth
Lives for whom He died:
He who Jesus nameth
Must be on His side.
By Thy love constraining,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side
Saviour, we are Thine!

Jesus, Thou hast brought us,
Not with gold or gem,
But with Thine own life blood,
For Thy diadem;
With Thy blessing filling
Each who comes to Thee,
Thou hast made us willing,
Thou hast made us free.
By Thy grand redemption,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side
Saviour, we are Thine!

Fierce may be the conflict,
Strong may be the foe,
But the King's own army
None can overthrow;
Round His standard ranging,
Vict'ry is secure,
For His truth unchanging
Makes the triumph sure.
Joyfully enlisting,
By Thy grace divine,
We are on the Lord's side
Saviour, we are Thine!

79 STANDING ON THE PROMISES

Standing on the promises of Christ my King,
Through eternal ages let His praises ring:
Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing,
Standing on the promises of God.

Chorus:
Standing, standing,
Standing on the promises of God my Saviour;
Standing, standing,
I'm standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises that cannot fail,
When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,
By the living Word of God I shall prevail,
Standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,
Bound to Him eternally by love's strong cord,
Overcoming daily with the Spirit's sword,
Standing on the promises of God.

Standing on the promises I cannot fall,
List'ning ev'ry moment to the Spirit's call,
Resting in my Savior as my all in all,
Standing on the promises of God.

80 YIELD NOT TO TEMPTATION

Yield not to temptation for yielding is sin,
Each vict'ry will help you some other to win;
Fight manfully onward, dark passions subdue,
Look ever to Jesus- He'll carry you through.

Chorus:
Ask the Saviour to help you,
Comfort, strengthen and keep you;
He is willing to aid you-
He will carry you through.

Shun evil companions, bad language disdain,
God's name hold in reverence, nor take it in vain;
Be thoughtful and earnest, kindhearted and true,
Look ever to Jesus- He'll carry you through.

To him that o'ercometh God giveth a crown,
Through faith we will conquer though often cast down;
He who is our Saviour our strength will renew,
Look ever to Jesus- He'll carry you through.

81 STAND UP FOR JESUS

Stand up, stand up for Jesus, ye soldiers of the cross;
Lift high His royal banner, it must not suffer loss;
From vict'ry unto vict'ry His army shall He lead,
Till ev'ry foe is vanquished, and Christ is Lord indeed.

Chorus:
Stand up for Jesus, ye soldiers of the cross;
Lift high His royal banner, it must not,
It must not suffer loss.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus, the trumpet call obey;
Forth to the mighty conflict, in this His glorious day;
Ye that are men now serve Him against unnumbered foes;
Let courage rise with danger, and strength to strength oppose.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus, stand in His strength alone;
The arm of flesh will fail you, ye dare not trust your own;
Put on the gospel armor, each piece put on with prayer;
Where duty calls or danger, be never wanting there.

Stand up, stand up for Jesus, the strife will not be long;
This day the noise of battle, the next, the victor's song;
To him who overcometh, a crown of life shall be;
He with the King of Glory shall reign eternally.

82 THINGS ARE DIFFERENT NOW

Things are different now,
Something happened to me
When I gave my heart to Jesus;
Things are different now-
I was chang'd, it must be,
When I gave my heart to Him.
Things I loved before have passed away,
Things I love far more have come to stay;
Things are different now-
Something happened that day
When I gave my heart to Him.

83 SUNSHINE IN MY SOUL

There is sunshine in my soul today,
More glorious and bright
Than glows in any earthly sky,
For Jesus is my light.

Chorus:
O there's sunshine, blessed sunshine,
When the peaceful, happy moments roll;
When Jesus shows His smiling face,
There is sunshine in my soul.

There is music in my soul today,
A carol to my King;
And Jesus, listening can hear
The songs I cannot sing.

There is springtime in my soul today,
For when the Lord is near,
The dove of peace sings in my heart,
The flow'rs of grace appear.

There is gladness in my soul today,
And hope, and praise, and love,
For blessings which He gives me now,
For joys laid up above.

84 THERE IS POWER IN THE BLOOD

Would you be free from the burden of sin?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Would you o'er evil a victory win?
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Chorus:
There is pow'r, pow'r, wonder working pow'r
In the blood of the Lamb;
There is pow'r, pow'r, wonder working pow'r,
In the precious blood of the Lamb.

Would you be free from your passion and pride?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Come for a cleansing to Calvary's tide!
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Would you be whiter, much whiter than snow?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Sin stains are lost in its life giving flow.
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

Would you do service for Jesus your King?
There's pow'r in the blood, pow'r in the blood;
Would you live daily His praises to sing?
There's wonderful pow'r in the blood.

85 THERE IS VICTORY FOR ME

There is victory for me, there is victory for me,
Through the blood of Christ, my Saviour,
There is victory for me.
For me, yes me; for me, yes me;
Through the blood of Christ, my Saviour,
There is vic –to –ry.

86 SHINE FORTH FOR JESUS

Shine forth for Jesus where you are,
Shine forth for Jesus near and far.
Someone far from harbour
You may guide across the bar,
Shine forth for Jesus where you are.

Witness for Jesus in your town, Witness for Jesus all around.
Speak to someone who has Never heard the Gospel sound,
Witness for Jesus in your town.

87 SO SEND I YOU

So send I you to labour unrewarded,
To serve unpaid, unloved, unsought, unknown,
To bear rebuke, to suffer scorn and scoffing,
So send I you to toil for Me alone.

So send I you to bind the bruised and broken,
O'er wand'ring souls to work, to weep, to wake,
To bear the burdens of a world aweary,
So send I you to suffer for My sake.

So send I you to loneliness and longing
With heart ahung'ring for the loved and known,
Forsaking home and kindred, friend and dear one
So send I you to know My love alone.

So send I you to leave your life's ambition,
To die to dear desire, self-will resign,
To labour long and love where men revile you,
So send I you to lose your life in Mine.

So send I you to hearts made hard by hatred,
To eyes made blind because they will not see,
To spend, though it be blood, to spend and spare not,
So send I you to taste of Calvary.

"As the Father hath sent me, So send I you."

88 THOUGH DAYS ARE LONG

Though days are long, oft filled with care,
Though burdens seem so hard to bear;
No matter what my lot may be,
I'll live for Him who died for me.

Chorus:
I'll live for Jesus day after day,
I'll live for Jesus, let come what may.
The Holy Spirit I will obey,
I'll live for Jesus day after day.

Through every day, new joy I find,
He gives to me real peace of mind;
Until the day when Christ I'll see,
I'll live for Him who died for me.

89 IN THE NAME OF JESUS

In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus,
We have the victory,
In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus,
Satan will have to flee.
Who can tell what God can do?
What He's done for us, He'll do for you.
In the name of Jesus, Jesus, We have the victory.

90 WALK WORTHY OF THE LORD

Walk worthy of the Lord, my friend,
Keep pace with Him until the end.
The Lord will grant thee grace and strength
If to His will, you humbly bend.

O Lord, whatever be my part
To Thee alone, I wholly art.
Keep me obedient to Thy call
And love the brethren, most of all.

Though tough the battle, strong the fray,
Help us to walk the bitter way.
Looking to Thee in the long race
And seek the blessings of Thy face.

Your yoke is easy, Your burden's light,
Teach us to rest in Thee aside.
Help us to follow and believe
The God of solace and relief.

91 SOLDIERS OF CHRIST, ARISE

Soldiers of Christ, arise,
And put your armour on,
Strong in the strength which God supplies
Through His eternal Son;
Strong in the Lord of hosts,
And in His mighty pow'r,
Who in the strength of Jesus trusts
Is more than conqueror.

Stand then in His great might,
With all His strength endued,
And take, to arm you for the fight,
The panoply of God.
That having all things done,
And all your conflicts past,
Ye may o'ercome through Christ alone,
And stand entire at last.

Leave no unguarded place,
No weakness of the soul;
Take every virtue, every grace,
And fortify the whole.
From strength to strength go on,
Wrestle and fight and pray;
Tread all the pow'rs of darkness down,
And win the well-fought day.

92 STILL UPWARD ON

Still upward is my first resolve -
For this I pray today.
Still upward in my brightest years -
Please be my Guide today.

Chorus:
Upward fly, my soul arise,
Lift me, uphold me, by faith let me stand.
Upheld by His omnipotent hand,
We'll ascend the promised land.

Still upward must I trust in You
Though torn-strewn all the way.
Still upward must I labour on
Though troubles bid me to sway.

Still Christ-ward we will witness on -
The Saviour prompts us still.
We'll strive to glorify Christ our Lord,
To lift up the fallen and ill.

Still forward pressing on as one,
Steadfast fight on, run the race
To greater heights, we'll still pursue,
O Lord, by Your power and Your grace.

93 SOUND THE BATTLE CRY!

Sound the battle cry! See, the foe is nigh;
Raise the standard high for the Lord;
Gird your armour on, stand firm ev'ry one;
Rest your cause upon His ho-ly Word.

Chorus:
Rouse, then, soldiers, rally 'round the banner!
Ready, steady, pass the word along;
Onward, forward, shout aloud Hosanna!
Christ is Captain of the mighty throng.

Strong to meet the foe, marching on we go,
While our cause we know, must prevail;
Shield and banner bright, gleaming in the light;
Battling for the right we ne'er can fail.

O Thou God of all, hear us when we call,
Help us one and all by Thy grace;
When the battle's done, and the vict'ry won,
May we wear the crown before Thy face.

94 THE BANNER OF THE CROSS

There's a royal banner given for display
To the soldiers of the King;
As an ensign fair we lift it up today,
While as ransomed ones we sing.

Chorus:
Marching on, marching on, for Christ count ev'rything but loss!
And to crown Him King, toil and sing,
'Neath the banner of the cross!

Though the foe may rage and gather as the flood,
Let the standard be displayed;
And beneath its folds, as soldiers of the Lord,
For the truth be not dismayed!

Over land and sea, wherever man may dwell,
Make the glorious tidings known;
Of the crimson banner now the story tell,
While the Lord shall claim His own!

When the glory dawns- 'tis drawing very near-
It is hastening day by day-
Then before our King the foe shall disappear,
And the cross the world shall sway!

95 SHOW THYSELF STRONG

Thine eyes, O Lord, are searching to and fro through all the earth
To find a heart that's perfect, through whom Thy hand can work.
What with men may now seem hopeless,
Still is possible with Thee.
Enlarge our ex-pec-ta-tions; exceed abundantly.

Chorus:
Show Thyself strong;
Thy hand is mighty to revive us once again.
Move among Thy people and purge us from within.
Though in fervent prayer we've sought Thee,
Still our hearts cry out, "How long?"
As we wait on Thee, help us, Lord,
To be perfect and complete in Thee.
Show Thyself strong.

As the burden groweth greater, may we never more forbear
To preach the Word with passion and give ourselves to prayer.
Father, show this generation of Thy strength and majesty.
Display Thy pow'r and glory for all the world to see.

96 STAND ALONE

Stand alone for truth and virtue and walk ye in the light;
Fill the gap though no one join you with militance to fight.
Thy call to make a diff'rence; Thy cross must need offend.
Stand alone to share His suff'rings and for thy faith contend.

Stand alone with great compassion and true humility;
Preach the Word with pow'r and meekness for peace and purity.
Let love for Christ constrain thee to keep thy conscience clear.
Stand alone in circumspection with rev'rent, godly fear.

Stand alone and by ye sep'rate His name to sanctify,
Unashamed to spread the gospel and hold His standard high.
Without the camp now seek Him thy Lord's reproach to bear.
Stand alone and in the Spirit be watchful unto prayer.

Stand alone and be ye holy and thou shalt see thy Lord,
And rejoice in tribulation for great is thy reward.
Possess thy soul with patience; endure unto the end.
Stand alone and be courageous; thy God shall be thy friend.

Stand alone for God hath promised to stand with all who do,
And to save His hand is mighty with many or with few.
Hold fast the ancient landmarks of battles fought and won.
Stand alone to death be faithful, and God shall say, "Well done!"

97 PUT ON THE ARMOUR OF GOD

Into the battlefield we go,
The shield of faith do we hold,
Belting the truth around our waist,
The breastplate of righteousness in place.
Watching and praying,
The cross as our bearing –
Dynamic and daring
And battles we'll always be winning.

Fearlessly let us fight on,
The helmet of salvation put on;
Declaring good news to everyone,
And marching with shoes of the Gospel's peace.
Armed with the Sword,
The Holy Word of God,
With prayers unceasing,
Through Jesus, the victories we will win.

98 IN THE NEW JERUSALEM

We're a pilgrim band now headed for the glory land of light.
We are trav'ling through the wilderness of night.
We've a home that's far away beyond the heaven and the stars
In the New Jerusalem!

Chorus:
Hallelujah! Fill the heavens for the saints have all come home
To Jerusalem! To Jerusalem!
Joyfully they shout Hosanna! Come and crown Him King of kings!
In the New Jerusalem!

In that land of glory where the saints are gathered round the throne,
Not a sigh or tear, no sorrow nor a groan.
But an everlasting song of victory flows from every tongue
In the New Jerusalem!

We are heading nearer nearer for the land that's now in sight.
Will you join us to the City fair and bright?
Is your name forever written in the Lamb's book of Life?
In the New Jerusalem!

99 PRESS ON

There's a course that must be finished,
There's a race that must be run.
There's a mission to accomplish,
And a battle to be won!
We've been called to take the challenge
By God's might and through His Son;
He will give us grace to complete the race,
Moving forward, pressing on.

Chorus:
Toward the hope of our high calling,
Toward the promise we've received,
With the strength that we've been given pressing on to victory!
And toward the One who's run before us,
As we lay each weight aside,
'Til the race is run, 'til the prize is won,
'til we reach the finish line, press on!

There's a faithful cloud of witnesses
Who inspire us in our task.
They have fought the fight, they have run the race,
They have won the crown at last!
And the lives they've lived remind us
Though the race at times seems long,
God will give the grace to complete the race,
And the courage to press on.

100 WALK WORTHY

Walk worthy of the Lord.
Come give your heart to Christ.
Live always bearing fruit for Him.
Live strengthened by His might.
Walk worthy of the Lord.
All power to His name.
Give Him glory, give Him honour.
Walk worthy of the Lord.

101 ONWARD, CHRISTIAN SOILDERS

Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before:
Christ the royal Master, leads against the foe;
Forward into battle, see His banner go!

Chorus:
Onward, Christian soldiers, marching as to war,
With the cross of Jesus going on before.

At the name of Jesus, Satan's host doth flee;
On then, Christian soldiers, on to victory!
Hell's foundations quiver at the shout of praise:
Brothers, lift your voices, loud your anthems raise!

Like a mighty army moves the Church of God;
Brothers, we are treading where the saints have trod.
We are not divided, all one body we –
One in hope and doctrine, one in charity.

Crowns and thrones may perish, kingdoms rise and wane,
But the Church of Jesus constant will remain;
Gates of hell can never 'gainst that Church prevail;
We have Christ's own promise, and that cannot fail.

Onward, then, ye people, join our happy throng,
Blend with ours your voices in the triumph song;
Glory, laud, and honour unto Christ the King;
This through countless ages men and angels sing.

102 MY LORD KNOWS THE WAY THROUGH THE WILDERNESS

My Lord knows the way through the wilderness –
All I have to do is follow;
My Lord knows the way through the wilderness –
All I have to do is follow.
Strength for today is mine all the way,
And all I need for tomorrow;
My Lord knows the way through the wilderness –
All I have to do is follow.

103 I'LL RUN THE RACE

The date is set; the time is come; the witnesses arrive.
The course is marked; the men prepared;
All weights are set aside.
Positions are assumed and taken,
Energies now reawaken;
Empty thoughts are all forsaken. I must win the prize.

Chorus:
I'll run this race with patience.
I'll run this race with joy.
I'll fix my eyes on Jesus' face,
The One who saved me by His matchless grace.

My course is set, my God designed it all for His great cause.
I will not live for selfish gain
Or die for man's applause.
My Savior, Love, my Passion, King, His
Every blessed Word I'll cling.
To Him, His every wish I'll bring, till Jesus calls me home.

104 HOLD THE FORT

Ho, my comrades! see the signal
Waving in the sky!
Reinforcements now appearing,
Victory is nigh!

Chorus:
Hold the fort, for I am coming,
Jesus signals still;
Wave the answer back to heaven,
By Thy grace we will.

See the mighty host advancing,
Satan leading on;
Mighty men around us falling,
Courage almost gone!

See the glorious banner waving!
Hear the trumpet blow!
In our Leader's name we triumph
Over every foe!

Fierce and long the battle rages,
But our help is near:
Onward comes our great Commander,
Cheer, my comrades, cheer!

105 GOD'S REFINING FIRE

O Lord, we pray, "Thy will be done," or "Master, here am I."
We pray You'd do a mighty work that to the flesh we'd die.
And when the answer comes to us in form of trial and test,
We fail to see Your loving hand, refining fire is best.

Chorus:
God's refining fire, God's refining fire.
May it purge me now and make of me what You require.
O Lord, feed the fire, Your refining fire (refining fire).
Now as gold and silver must be tried,
Lord, may my heart be purified.
Lord, send Your great refining fire.

That I may stand when You appear, abide till Your return.
O place the fire perfectly that all the dross be burned.
Whether furnace of affliction, Lord, or unfulfilled desire,
Bring forth a vessel pure and tried by Your refining fire.

106 REACH OUT TO JESUS

Is your burden heavy as you bear it all alone?
Does the road you travel harbour danger yet unknown?
Are you growing weary
In the struggle of it all?
Jesus will help you when on His name you call.

Chorus:
He is always there, hearing every prayer, faithful and true;
Walking by our side, in His love we hide all the day through.
When you get discouraged, just remember what to do –
Reach out to Jesus, He's reaching out to you.

Is the life you're living filled with sorrow and despair?
Does the future press you with its worry and its care?
Are you tired and friendless,
Have you almost lost your way?
Jesus will help you, just come to Him today.

107 WHILE SHEPHERS WATCHED THEIR FLOCKS

While shepherds watched their flocks by night,
All seated on the ground,
The angel of the Lord came down,
And glory shone around.
And glory shone around.

"Fear not!" said he, for might dread
Had seized their troubled mind,
"Glad tidings of great joy I bring
To you and all mankind.
To you and all mankind.

"To you, in David's town, this day
Is born, of David's line,
A Saviour, who is Christ the Lord;
And this shall be the sign:
And this shall be the sign:

"The heav'nly Babe you there shall find
To human view displayed,
All meanly wrapped in swaddling bands,
And in a manger laid.
And in a manger laid."

Thus spake the seraph, and forthwith
Appeared a shining throng
Of angels praising God, and thus
Addressed their joyful song:
Addressed their joyful song:

"All glory be to God on high,
And to the earth be peace:
Goodwill henceforth from heav'n to men
Begin and never cease.
Begin and never cease."

108 O COME, ALL YE FAITHFUL

O come, all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant,
Come ye, O come ye to Bethlehem;
Come and behold Him, born the King of angels:

Chorus:
O come, let us adore Him, O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him, Christ, the Lord.

Sing, choirs of angels, sing in exultation,
Sing, all ye bright hosts of heav'n above;
Glory to God, all glory in the highest:

Yea, Lord, we greet Thee, born this happy morning,
Jesus, to Thee be all glory giv'n;
Word of the Father, now in flesh appearing:

109 WHAT CHILD IS THIS?

What Child is this, who, laid to rest,
On Mary's lap is sleeping?
Whom angels greet with anthems sweet,
While shepherds watch are keeping?

Chorus:
This, this is Christ the King,
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing:
Haste, haste to bring Him laud-
The Babe, the Son of Mary.

Why lies He in such mean estate
Where ox and ass are feeding?
Good Christian, fear: for sinners here
The silent Word is pleading.

So bring Him incense, gold and myrrh,
Come peasant, king to own Him;
The King of kings salvation brings,
Let loving hearts enthrone Him.

110 WE'LL CALL HIM JESUS

We'll call Him Jesus,
The name the angels whispered.
We'll call Him Jesus,
Come from heav'n to be our Friend.
We'll call Him Jesus,
The sweetest Name in all the world.
We'll call Him Jesus,
He'll save us from our sins.
But when your heart is full of joy,
You call Him Wonderful.
And when you've al - most lost your way,
You call Him Counsellor.
And in the midst of your confusion
Whisper Prince of Peace.
And when you're all alone
He'll be Emmanu-el.

111 ANGELS FROM THE REALMS OF GLORY

Angels from the realms of glory,
Wing your flight o'er all the earth;
Ye who sang cre-a-tion's story,
Now proclaim Messiah's birth.

Chorus:
Come and worship, come and worship,
Worship Christ, the newborn King.

Shepherds, in the fields abiding,
Watching o'er your flocks by night,
God with man is now residing,
Yonder shines the infant Light;
Come and worship,
Come and worship,
Worship Christ, the newborn King!

Sages, leave your contemplations,
Brighter visions beam afar;
Seek the great desire of nations,
Ye have seen His natal star;
Come and worship,
Come and worship,
Worship Christ, the newborn King!

Saints before the altar bending,
Watching long in hope and fear,
Suddenly the Lord, descending,
In His temple shall appear:
Come and worship,
Come and worship,
Worship Christ, the newborn King!

112 COME, THOU LONG-EXPECTED JESUS

Come, Thou long-expected Jesus,
Born to set Thy people free;
From our fears and sins release us:
Let us find our rest in Thee
Isreal's strength and consolation,
Hope of all the earth Thou art;
Dear Desire of ev'ry nation,
Joy of ev'ry longing heart.

Born Thy people to deliver,
Born a child, and yet a King;
Born to reign in us forever,
Now Thy gracious kingdom bring.
By Thine own eternal Spirit
Rule in all our hearts alone;
By Thine all sufficient merit,
Raise us to Thy glorious throne.

113 BORN TO DIE

On the night Christ was born
Just before break of morn,
As the stars in the sky were fading,
O'er the place where He lay,
Fell a shadow cold and gray
Of a cross that would humble a King.

Chorus:
Born to die upon Calv'ry,
Jesus suffered my sin to forgive;
Born to die upon Calv'ry,
He was wounded that I might live.

Jesus knew when He came
He would suffer in shame;
He could feel every pain and sorrow.
But He left Paradise,
With His blood He paid the price
My redemption to Jesus I owe.

From His throne Jesus came,
Laid aside heaven's fame
In exchange for the cross of Calv'ry;
For my gain suffered loss,
For my sin He bore the cross
He was wounded and I was set free.

Dearest Lord, ever more
May Thy cross I adore
As I follow the path to Calv'ry;
Of Thy death I partake,
My ambition I forsake
All my will I surrender to Thee.

114 FOR UNTO US A CHILD IS BORN

For unto us a child is born
Unto us a son is given,
And the government shall be upon His shoulder,
And His name shall be called Wonderful,
Counsellor, the Mighty God,
The Everlasting Father,
And the Prince of Peace is He.

115 ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH

Angels we have heard on high,
Sweetly singing o'er the plains,
And the mountains in reply,
Echoing their joyous strains.

Chorus:
Glo........ria in excelsis Deo!
Glo........ria in excelsis Deo!

Shepherds, why this jubilee?
Why your joyous strains prolong?
What the gladsome tidings be
Which inspire your heavenly song?

Come to Bethlehem and see
Christ Whose birth the angels sing;
Come, adore on bended knee,
Christ the Lord, the newborn King.

See Him in a manger laid,
Whom the choirs of angels praise;
Mary, Joseph, lend your aid,
While our hearts in love we raise.

116 AWAY IN THE MANGER

Away in a manger, no crib for a bed,
The little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head;
The stars in the bright sky looked down where He lay,
The little Lord Jesus, asleep on the hay.

The cattle are lowing, the Baby awakes,
But little Lord Jesus, no crying He makes;
I love Thee, Lord Jesus! Look down from the sky,
And stay by my cradle till morning is nigh.

Be near me, Lord Jesus! I ask Thee to stay
Close by me forever, and love me, I pray;
Bless all the dear children in Thy tender care,
And fit us for heaven, to live with thee there.

117 CHILD IN THE MANGER

Christ in the man-ger, Infant of Mary
Outcast and stranger, Lord of all
Child who inherits
All our transgressions
All our de-me-rits on Him fall

Once the most holy
Child of salvation
Genlty and lowly, lived below
Now as our glorious Mighty Redeemer
See Him victorious
O'er each foe

Prophets foretold Him
Infant of wonder
Angels behold Him On His throne
Worthy our Savior
Of all our praises
Happy forever
Are His own

118 O COME, O COME, EMMANUEL

O come, O come, Em-ma - nu - el,
And ransom captive Is - ra - el,
That mourns in lonely ex-ile here
Until the Son of God appear.

Chorus:
Rejoice! Rejoice! Em-ma- nu-el
Shall come to thee, O Is - ra - el.

O come, O come, Thou Lord of might,
Who to Thy tribes, on Sinai's height,
In ancient times didst give the law
In cloud and majesty and awe.

O come, Thou Rod of Jesse, free
Thine own from Satan's tyranny;
From depths of hell Thy people save
And give them vict'ry o'er the grave.

O come, Thou Dayspring, come and cheer
Our spirits by Thine advent here;
O drive away the shades of night
And pierce the clouds and bring us light.

O come, Thou Key of David, come
And open wide our heav'nly home
Where all Thy saints with Thee shall dwell –
O come, O come, Emmanuel!

119 DOWN FROM HIS GLORY

Down from His glory,
Ever living story,
My God and Savior came,
And Jesus was His name.
Born in a manger,
To His own a stranger,
A Man of sorrows, tears and agony.

Chorus:
O how I love Him! How I adore Him!
My breath, my sunshine, my all in all!
The great Creator became my Saviour,
And all God's fullness dwelleth in Him.

What condescension,
Bringing us redemption;
That in the dead of night,
Not one faint hope in sight,
God, gracious, tender,
Laid aside His splendor,
He gave himself, to win, to save my soul.

Without reluctance,
Flesh and blood His substance
He took the form of man,
Revealed the hidden plan.
O glorious myst'ry,
Sacrifice of Calv'ry,
And now I know Thou art the great "I AM."

120 HOW IT ALL BEGAN

One night so long a-go in a manger,
Jesus was born to this world a stranger.
In Bethlehem, a poor humble city,
For all mankind and all of e-ter-ni-ty.

Chorus:
And angels sang, "Hallelujah!
Peace on the earth and joy to the world!"
God sent His Son in the form of a man.
His love for us was how it began.

Prophets foretold with great expectation
God's plan to save a lost generation;
From fear and sin He came to release us,.
And that is why we celebrate Christmas.

121 O LITTLE TOWN OF BETHLEHEM

O little town of Bethlehem, how still we see thee lie!
Above thy deep and dreamless sleep the silent stars go by;
Yet in thy dark streets shineth the everlasting Light;
The hopes and fears of all the years are met in thee tonight.

For Christ is born of Mary, and gathered all above,
While mortals sleep, the angels keep their watch of wond'ring love.
O morning stars, together proclaim the holy birth!
And praises sing to God the King, and peace to men on earth.

How silently, how silently, the wondrous gift is giv'n!
So God imparts to human hearts the blessings of His heav'n.
No ear may hear His coming, but in this world of sin,
Where meek souls will receive Him still, the dear Christ enters in.

O holy Child of Bethlehem! Descend to us, we pray;
Cast out our sin, and enter in; be born in us today.
We hear the Christmas angels the great glad tidings tell;
O come to us, abide with us, our Lord Emmanuel.

122 HOW GREAT OUR JOY

While by my sheep I watched at night,
Glad tidings brought an angel bright:

Chorus:
(Men) How great my joy! (Ladies) Great my joy!
(Men) Joy! Joy! Joy! (Ladies) Joy! Joy! Joy!
(Men) Praise be to God in heav'n on high!
(Ladies) Praise be to God in heav'n on high!

There shall be born, so He did say,
In Bethlehem a Child today:

There sall He lie in manger mean,
Who shall redeem the world from sin:

Lord, evermore to me be nigh,
Then shall my heart be filled with joy!

123 O HOLY NIGHT!

O holy night! The stars are brightly shining –
It is the night of the dear Saviour's birth!
Long lay the world in sin and darkness pining –
Till He appeared, gift of infinite worth!
Behold the Babe in yonder manger lowly –
'Tis God's own Son come down in human form:
Fall on your knees before the Lord most holy!
O night divine – O night when Christ was born!
O night divine – O night, O night divine!

With humble hearts we bow in adoration
Before this Child, gift of God's matchless love,
Sent from on high to purchase our salvation –
That we might dwell with Him ever above.
What grace untold – to leave the bliss of glory
And die for sinners guilty and forlorn:
Fall on your knees! Repeat the wondrous story!
O night divine – O night when Christ was born!
O night divine – O night, O night divine!

O day of joy, when in eternal splendour
He shall return in His glory to reign,
When every tongue due praise to Him shall render,
His pow'r and might to all nations proclaim!
A thrill of hope our longing hearts rejoices,
For soon shall dawn that glad eternal morn:
Fall on your knees! With joy lift up your voices!
O night divine – O night when Christ was born!
O night divine – O night, O night divine!

124 OUR DAY OF JOY IS HERE AGAIN

Our day of joy is here again, with love and peace and song;
Come, let us join th'angelic strain with voices clear and strong.
Chorus:
Glory to our God, we sing, Glory to our Lord and King;
Peace, goodwill with all abide this holy Christmas tide.

When darkness lay upon this earth, a glorious light did shine;
God sent a Gift of priceless worth and showed His love divine.

Now to the manger let us go, to worship and adore;
The tender Babe upon the straw, our Savior evermore.

How wonderful that God's own Son, should so Himself abase!
He thrust the mighty from their throne, and gave the lowly grace.

125 ONCE IN ROYAL DAVID'S CITY

Once in royal David's city
Stood a lowly cattle shed,
Where a mother laid her Baby,
In a manger for His bed;
Mary was that mother mild,
Jesus Christ her little Child.

He came down to earth from heaven,
Who is God and Lord of all,
And His shelter was a stable,
And his cradle was a stall;
With the lowly, poor, and mean,
Lived on earth our Savior then.

And, through all His wondrous childhood,
He would honour and obey,
Love and watch the lowly maiden
In whose gentle arms He lay.
Christian children all must be
Mild, obedient, good as He.

Not in that poor lowly stable,
With the oxen standing by,
We shall see Him; but in heaven,
Set at God's right hand on high;
When like stars His children crowned
All in white shall wait around.

126 GOOD CHRISTIAN MEN, REJOICE

Good Christian men, rejoice
With heart and soul and voice;
Give ye heed to what we say:
News! News! Jesus Christ is born today!
Ox and ass before Him bow,
And He is in the manger now;
Christ is born today! Christ is born today!

Good Christian men, rejoice
With heart and soul and voice;
Now ye hear of endless bliss:
Joy! Joy! Jesus Christ was born for this!
He has opened heaven's door,
And man is blessed evermore:
Christ was born for this! Christ was born for this!

Good Christian men, rejoice
With heart and soul and voice;
Now ye need not fear the grave:
Peace! Peace! Jesus Christ was born to save!
Calls you one and calls you all
To gain His everlasting hall:
Christ was born to save! Christ was born to save!

127 JOY TO THE WORLD

Joy to the world! The Lord is come;
Let earth receive her King;
Let every heart prepare Him room,
And heav'n and nature sing, and heav'n and nature sing,
And heav'n, and heav'n and nature sing.

Joy to the earth! The Saviour reigns;
Let men their songs employ;
While fields and floods, rocks, hills and plains,
Repeat the sounding joy, repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat, repeat the sounding joy.

No more let sins and sorrows grow,
Nor thorns infest the ground;
He comes to make His blessings flow
Far as the curse is found, far as the curse is found,
Far as, far as the curse is found.

He rules the world with truth and grace,
And makes the nations prove
The glories of His righteousness,
And wonders of His love, and wonders of His love,
And wonders, wonders of His love.

128 HARK! THE HERALD ANGELS SING

Hark ! The herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King;
Peace on earth, and mercy mild –
God and sinners reconciled!"
Joyful, all ye nations, rise,
Join the triumph of the skies;
With th' angelic hosts proclaim,
"Christ is born in Bethlehem."
Hark! The herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King!"

Christ, by highest heav'n adored,
Christ, the everlasting Lord:
Late in time behold Him come,
Offspring of a virgin's womb.
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see,
Hail th' incarnate Deity!
Pleased as man with men to dwell,
Jesus, our Emmanuel.
Hark! The herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King!"

Hail the heav'n-born Prince of Peace!
Hail the Sun of Righteousness!
Light and life to all He brings,
Ris'n with healing in His wings.
Mild He lays His glory by,
Born that man no more may die;
Born to raise the sons of earth,
Born to give them second birth.
Hark! The herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King!"

Come, Desire of nations, come!
Fix in us Thy humble home:
Rise, the woman's conq'ring seed,
Bruise in us the serpent's head.
Adam's likeness now efface,
Stamp Thine image in its place:
Second Adam from above,
Reinstate us in Thy love.
Hark! The herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King!"

129 WHEN I SEE THE BLOOD

Christ our Redeemer died on the cross,
Died for the sinner, paid all his due;
Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the Lamb,
And "I will pass, will pass over you."

Chorus:
"When I see the blood, when I see the blood,
When I see the blood, I will pass, I will pass over you."

Chiefest of sinners Jesus will save -
All He has promised, that He will do;
Wash in the fountain opened for sin
And "I will pass, will pass over you."

Judgment is coming, all will be there,
Each one receiving justly his due;
Hide in the saving, sin-cleansing blood,
And "I will pass, will pass over you."

O great compassion! O boundless love!
O loving kindness, faithful and true!
FInd peace and shelter under the blood,
And "I will pass, will pass over you."

130 NOT WHAT THESE HANDS HAVE DONE

Not what these hands have done,
Can save this guilty soul;
Not what this toiling flesh has borne,
Can make my spirit whole.

Chorus:
Thy work alone, my Saviour,
Can ease this weight of sin;
Thy blood alone, O Lamb of God,
Can give me peace within.

Not what I feel or do,
Can give me peace, O God;
Not all my prayers, or sighs, or tears,
Can ease my awful load.

Thy love to me, O God,
Not mine, O Lord, to Thee
Can rid me of this dark unrest,
And set my spirit free.

No other work save Thine,
No meaner blood, will do;
No strength, save that which is divine,
Can bear me safely through.

I praise the God of grace,
I trust His love and might;
He calls me His, I call Him mine;
My God, my joy, my light!

131 COME NOW, SAITH THE LORD

Come now, let us reason together, saith the Lord;
Tho' your sins as scarlet be,
They shall be white as snow;
Come now, let us reason together, saith the Lord;
Tho' they be red like crimson,
They shall be as wool.

132 NOTHING BUT THE BLOOD

What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Chorus:
Oh! Precious is the flow
That makes me white as snow;
No other fount I know,
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

For my cleansing this I see –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
For my pardon this my plea –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Nothing can for sin atone –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
Naught of good that I have done –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

This is all my hope and peace –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
This is all my righteousness –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

Now by this I'll overcome –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus;
Now by this I'll reach my home –
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.

133 CHILDREN ALL AROUND THE WORLD

There are children all around the world,
Children just like me.
Children every where on earth,
Across the land and sea.
They need to hear that Jesus died,
And lives to set them free.
Who will go and let them know?
Oh, Lord, send me!

There are children in my neighbourhood,
Children out to play.
Children who have never heard
That Jesus is the way.
He died and came alive again,
And lives in Heav'n to day.
Help me go, and let them know,
Oh, Lord, I pray!

134 NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE

Chorus:
Nothing is impossible
When you put your trust in God;
Nothing is impossible
When you're trusting in His Word.
Hearken to the voice of God to thee:
"Is there anything too hard for Me?"
Then put your trust in God alone
And rest upon His Word;
For everything, O everything,
Yes, everything is possible with God!

I read in the Bible the promise of God,
That nothing for Him is too hard.
Impossible things He has promised to do
If we faithfully trust in His Word.

The Word of the Lord is an anchor secure
When winds of uncertainty blow;
Though man in his weakness may falter and fail,
His Word will not fail us we know.

"All things are possible", this is His Word.
Receive it, 'tis written for you.
Believe in His promises, God cannot fail;
For what He has said He will do.

Creator of all things, with infinite pow'r,
He spoke - they appeared by His mouth.
Impossible things are not known unto Him.
He made us, He ruleth the earth.

135 G-O-S-P-E-L MEANS GOOD NEWS

G-O-S-P-E-L spells Gospel! Spells Gospel!
G-O-S-P-E-L means Good News! Means Good News!
Jesus died for sinful men.
But He arose and lives again.
One day He's coming for those who've trusted Him.
Coming to take us to Heaven.

136 ARE YOU WASHED IN THE BLOOD

Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
Are you fully trusting in His grace this hour?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Chorus:
Are you washed in the blood,
In the soul-cleansing blood of the Lamb?
Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Are you walking daily by the Saviour's side?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
Do you rest each moment in the Crucified?
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?

When the Bridegroom cometh will your robes be white?
Pure and white in the blood of the Lamb?
Will your soul be ready for the mansions bright,
And be washed in the blood of the Lamb?

Lay aside the garments that are stained with sin,
And be washed in the blood of the Lamb;
There's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean,
O be washed in the blood of the Lamb!

137 THE WISE MAN AND THE FOOLISH MAN

The wise man built his house upon the rock,
The wise man built his house upon the rock;
The wise man built his house upon the rock,
And the rains came tumbling down.
The rains came down and the floods came up,
The rains came down and the floods came up,
The rains came down and the floods came up,
And the house on the rock stood firm.

The foolish man built his house upon the sand,
The foolish man built his house upon the sand;
The foolish man built his house upon the sand,
And the rains came tumbling down.
The rains came down and the floods came up,
The rains came down and the floods came up,
The rains came down and the floods came up,
And the house on the sand went "SMASH!"

138 BLESSED BE THE FOUNTAIN

Blessed be the fountain of blood,
To a world of sinners revealed;
Blessed be the dear Son of God;
Only by His stripes we are healed.
Tho' I've wandered far from His fold,
Bringing to my heart pain and woe,
Wash me in the blood of the Lamb,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Chorus:
Whiter than the snow,
Whiter than the snow,
Wash me in the blood of the Lamb,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Thorny was the crown that He wore,
And the cross His body o'ercame;
Grievous were the sorrows He bore,
But He suffered Thus not in vain.
May I to that fountain be led,
Made to cleanse my sins here below;
Wash me in the blood that He shed,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

Father, I have wandered from Thee,
Often has my heart gone astray;
Crimson do my sins seem to me-
Water cannot wash them away.
Jesus, to the fountain of Thine,
Leaning on Thy promise, I go;
Cleanse me by Thy washing divine,
And I shall be whiter than snow.

139 ROLLED AWAY

Rolled away, rolled away, rolled away,
Every burden of my heart rolled away;
Rolled away, rolled away, rolled away,
Every burden of my heart rolled away.
Every sin had to go, neath the cleansing flow,
Hallelujah!
Rolled away, rolled away, rolled away,
Every burden of my heart rolled away.

140 FOR ALL MY SINS

It was his love for me,
That nailed Him to the tree,
To die in a - gony,
For all my sin;
For my own guilt and blame,
The great Redeemer came;
Willing to bear the shame
Of all my sin.

Chorus:
O, what a Saviour is mine!
In Him God's mercies combine,
His love can never decline,
And He loves me.

To Calv'ry's hill one day,
The Lord was led away,
None else the price could pay,
For all my sin;
He on the cross was slain,
Yielding His life in pain;
He felt the bitter stain,
Of all my sin.

Was ever love so strong?
Was ever crime so wrong?
When Jesus suffered long,
For all my sin;
He saw my greatest need,
Became my friend indeed,
Thru Him I have been freed,
Of all my sin.

141 ONE DOOR

One door and only one, And yet its sides are two:
Inside and Outside. On which side are you?
"One door, and only one, And yet its sides are two;
I'm on the inside, On which side are you?

One book and only one, The book the Father gave,
Good book and true book, With all power to save,
One book and only one, And I believe it's true,
God's Book, the Bible, Will you trust it too?

142 CHRIST RECEIVETH SINFUL MEN

Sinners Jesus will receive!
Sound this word of grace to all
Who the heav'nly pathway leave,
All who linger, all who fall.

Chorus 12/8:
Sing it o'er and o'er again:
Christ receiveth sinful men;
Make the message clear and plain:
Christ receiveth sinful men.

Come, and He will give you rest,
Trust Him, for His word is plain;
He will take the sinfulest,
Christ receiveth sinful men.

Now my heart condemns me not,
Pure before the law I stand;
He who cleansed me from all spot
Satisfied its last demand.

Christ receiveth sinful men,
Even me with all my sin;
Purged from ev'ry spot and stain,
Heav'n with Him I enter in.

143 THE OLD, OLD STORY

The old, old story, it is ever new,
The old, old story, praise the Lord, tis true,
That Jesus Christ has died for me, for you;
I love the old, old sto-ry.

144 GOSPEL TRAIN

Oh I'm travelling on the Hallelujah Line,
On the good old gospel train,
I am on the right track and never will go back
To the station of sin again.
I need no fare, I'm riding on a pass,
Tis the blood for sinners slain;
Oh I'm travelling on the Hallelujah Line,
On the good old gospel train.

145 S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N

No you can't get to heaven without
S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N.
No you can't get to heaven without
S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N.
Shout it out, loud and clear,
S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N.
Sing it out far and near
S-A-L-V-A-T -I-O-N.

No you can't get to heaven without
S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N.
As a gift of His love you receive
S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N.
Acts sixteen, thirty-one,
S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N.
Just believe, and receive
S-A-L-V-A-T-I-O-N.

146 L-O-V-E

Love, love, L-O-V-E,
Love, love, boundless and free;
Jesus left heaven to die on the tree,
This was love, love, love!

Done, done, D-O-N-E,
Done, done, done perfectly!
"Finished!" Christ cried, when on Calvary He died,
So it's done, done, done!

Come, come, C-O-M-E,
Come, come, "Come unto Me";
Jesus receives whosoever believes,
When they come, come, come!

Mine, mine, M-I-N-E,
Mine, mine, eternally;
Wonderful love, Jesus came from above
To be mine, mine, mine!

147 SAVED, SAVED!

I've found a friend who is all to me,
His love is ever true;
I love to tell how He lifted me,
And what His grace can do for you.

Chorus:
Saved by His pow'r divine,
Saved to new life sublime!
Life now is sweet and my joy is complete,
For I'm saved, saved, saved!

He saves me from every sin and harm,
Secures my soul each day;
I'm leaning strong on His mighty arm;
I know He'll guide me all the way.

When poor and needy and all alone,
In love He said to me,
Come unto me and I'll lead you home,
To live with me eternally.

148 A B C D E F G

A B C D E F G Jesus died for you and me;
H I J K L M N Jesus died for sinful men, AMEN!
O P Q R S T U, I believe God's Word is true;
V and W God has promised you, X Y Z a home eternally.

149 RIDE ON, RIDE ON, O SAVIOUR KING

Ride on, ride on, O Saviour-King, to set the sinner free!
To sin-cursed souls salvation bring and peace eternally!
Ride on to dark Gethsemane, to untold agony,
And on the cross of Calvary procure our victory!

Ride on, ride on, O Saviour-King, to claim the hearts of men!
Now death has lost its dreadful sting and hope is born again.
O come, in human hearts to reign, suppress the pow'r of sin!
Our own endeavor is in vain, Lord, thou must help us win!

Ride on, ride on, O Saviour-King! Ride on o'er land and sea,
For Thou alone to men can bring eternal liberty;
Ride on to sin-bound nations, Lord, until each hearts shall own
Thy saving, sanctifying word and bow before Thy throne!

150 GOOD NEWS!

Good News! Good News!
Christ died for me.
Good News! Good News!
If I believe;
Good News! Good News!
I'm saved eternally.
That's wonderful EXTRA Good News!

Good News! Good News!
Christ lives for me.
Good News! Good News!
He prays for me;
His Word tells that He'll come again for me.
That's wonderful EXTRA Good News!

151 THE CLEANSING WAVE

O now I see the cleansing wave,
The fountain deep and wide!
Jesus, my Lord, with pow'r to save,
Points to His wounded side.

Chorus:
The cleansing stream I see, I see!
I plunge, and O it cleanseth me!
O praise the Lord! It cleanseth me;
It cleanseth me, yes, cleanseth me.

I see the new creation rise;
I hear the speaking blood!
It speaks; polluted nature dies!
Sinks 'neath the cleansing flood.

I rise to walk in heav'n's own light,
Above the world and sin,
With heart made pure and garments white,
And Christ enthroned within.

Amazing grace! 'tis heav'n below
To feel the blood applied;
And Jesus, only Jesus, know,
My Jesus crucified.

152 SEARCH ME, O GOD

Search me, O God, and know my heart today;
Try me, O Saviour, know my thoughts, I pray.
See if there be some wicked way in me;
Cleanse me from ev'ry sin and set me free.

I praise Thee, Lord, for cleansing me from sin;
Fulfill Thy word and make me pure within.
Fill me with fire where once I burned with shame;
Grant my desire to magnify Thy name.

Lord, take my life and make it wholly Thine;
Fill my poor heart with Thy great love divine.
Take all my will, my passion, self and pride;
I now surrender, Lord-- in me abide.

O Holy Ghost, revival comes from Thee;
Send a revival, start the work in me;
Thy Word declares Thou wilt supply our need;
For blessings now, O Lord, I humbly plead.

153 A PASSION FOR SOULS

Give me a passion for souls, dear Lord,
A passion to save the lost;
O that Thy love were by all adored,
And welcomed at any cost.

Chorus:
Jesus, I long, I long to be winning,
Men who are lost, and constantly sinning;
O may this hour be one of beginning,
The story of pardon to tell.

Though there are dangers untold and stern,
Confronting me in the way,
Willingly still would I go, nor turn,
But trust Thee for grace each day.

How shall this passion for souls be mine?
Lord, make Thou the answer clear;
Help me to throw out the old Life-Line,
To those who are struggling near.

154 ALL MY SINS ROLLED AWAY

All my sins rolled away,
I am happy since my burden rolled away;
All my sins rolled away,
I am happy since my burden rolled away.

155 COME TO JESUS

Come to Jesus, come to Jesus,
Come to Jesus just now;
Just now come to Jesus,
Come to Jesus just now.

He will save you, He will save you,
He will save you just now;
Just now He will save you,
He will save you just now.

156 COME TO THE SAVIOUR

Come to the Saviour, make no delay -
Here in His Word He's shown us the way;
Here in our midst He's standing today,
Tenderly saying "Come!"

Chorus:
Joyful, joyful will the meeting be,
When from sin our hearts are pure and free,
Then we shall gather, Saviour, with Thee,
In our eternal home.

"Suffer the children!" O hear His voice!
Let every heart leap forth and rejoice!
And let us freely make Him our choice,
Do not delay, but come.

Think once again, He's with us today -
Heed now His blest commands, and obey;
Hear now His accents tenderly say,
"Will you, My children, come?"

157 COMING HOME

I've wandered far away from God
Now I'm coming home;
The paths of sin too long I've trod
Lord, I'm coming home.

Chorus:
Coming home, coming home,
Never more to roam;
Open wide Thine arms of love:
Lord I'm coming home.

I've wasted many precious years
Now I'm coming home;
I now repent with bitter tears
Lord, I'm coming home.

I've tired of sin and straying, Lord
Now I'm coming home;
I'll trust Thy love, believe Thy word
Lord, I'm coming home.

My soul is sick, my heart is sore
Now I'm coming home;
My strength renew, my hope restore
Lord, I'm coming home.

158 DO YOU KNOW MY JESUS

Have you a heart that's weary,
Tending a load of care?
Are you a soul that's seeking,
Rest from the burden you bear?

Chorus:
Do you know (do you know) my Je-sus?
Do you know (do you know) my Friend?
Have you heard He loves you
And that He will abide till the end?

Where is your heart, O pilgrim?
What does your light reveal?
Who hears your call for comfort,
When naught but sorrow you fee?

Who knows your disappointments?
Who hears each time you cry?
Who understands your heartaches?
Who wipes the tears from your eyes?

159 DOES IT MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE

Does it make any difference to you?
Does it make any difference to you?
If a soul dies in sin God has told you to win,
Does it make any difference to you?
Will his blood be required at thy hand?
Do you warn the lost as He planned?
Do you make plain the way?
Do you work while it's day?
Is the Lord working daily through you?

160 COME UNTO ME

Come unto me, with your heavy load,
I will give you rest, come and learn of Me.
For I'm meek and lowly, take My yoke on you;
For My yoke is easy, and My burden light.

161 GLORY TO HIS NAME

Down at the cross where my Saviour died,
Down where for cleansing from sin I cried,
There to my heart was the blood applied;
Glory to His name!

Chorus:
Glory to His name,
Glory to His name;
There to my heart was the blood applied;
Glory to His name!

I am so wondrously saved from sin,
Jesus so sweetly abides within;
There at the cross where he took me in;
Glory to His name!

O precious fountain that saves from sin,
I am so glad I have entered in;
There Jesus saves me and keeps me clean
Glory to His name!

Come to this fountain so rich and sweet,
Cast thy poor soul at the Saviour's feet;
Plunge in today, and be made complete;
Glory to His name!

162 GO YE INTO ALL THE WORLD

Far, far away, in heathen darkness dwelling,
Millions of souls forever may be lost;
Who, who will go, salvation's story telling,
Looking to Jesus, minding not the cost?

Chorus:
"All pow'r is given unto Me,
All pow'r is given unto Me,
Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel,
And lo, I am with you alway."

See o'er the world wide open doors inviting,
Soldiers of Christ, arise and enter in!
Christians, awake! your forces all uniting,
Send forth the Gospel, break the chains of sin.

"Why will ye die?" the voice of God is calling;
"Why will ye die?" re-echo in His Name;
Jesus hath died to save from death appalling,
Life and salvation, therefore, go proclaim.

God speed the day when those of every nation,
"Glory to God" triumphantly shall sing;
Ransomed, redeemed, rejoicing in salvation,
Shout "Hallelujah, for the Lord is King!"

163 WHITER THAN SNOW

Lord Jesus, I took long to be perfectly whole;
I wanted Thee forever to live in my soul.
Break down ev'ry idol, cast out ev'ry foe
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

Chorus:
Whiter than snow, yes, whiter than snow
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, look down from Thy throne in the skies
And help me to make a complete sacrifice.
I give up myself and whatever I know
Now was me now and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, for this I most humbly entreat;
I wait, blessed Lord, at Thy crucified feet.
By faith, for my cleansing I see Thy blood flow
Now wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.

Lord Jesus, Thou seest I patiently wait;
Come now and within me a new heart create.
To those who have sought Thee Thou saidst "No"
Now was me and I shall be whiter than snow.

164 WHOSEVER WILL

"Whosoever heareth" shout shout the sound!
Spread the blessed tidings all the world around;
Tell the joyful news wherever man is found:
Whosoever will may come.

Chorus:
"Whosoever will, whosoever will!"
Send the proclamation over vale and hill;
'Tis a loving Father calls the wand'rer home
"Whosoever will may come."

Whosoever cometh need not delay,
Now the door is open enter while you may;
Jesus is the true, the only Living Way:
"Whosoever will may come."

"Whosoever will" the promise is secure,
"Whosoever will" forever must endure;
"Whosoever will" 'tis life forevermore:
"Whosoever will may come."

165 YE MUST BE BORN AGAIN

A ruler once came to Jesus by night
To ask Him the way to salvation and light;
The Master made answer in words true and plain,
"Ye must be born again."

Chorus:
"Ye must be born again, ye must be born again;
I verily, verily say unto thee, "Ye must be born again"

Ye children of men, attend to the word
So solemnly uttered by Jesus the Lord;
And let not this message to you be in vain,
"Ye must be born again"

O ye who would enter that glorious rest
And sing with the ransomed the song of the blest;
The life everlasting if ye would obtain,
"Ye must be born again."

A dear one in heaven thy heart yearns to see,
At the beautiful gate may be watching for thee;
Then list to the note of this solemn refrain,
"Ye must be born again."

166 A SHELTER IN THE TIME OF STORM

The Lord's our Rock, in Him we hide –
A shelter in the time of storm;
Secure whatever ill betide –
A shelter in the time of storm.

Chorus:
O Jesus is a Rock in a weary land,
A weary land, a weary land;
O Jesus is a Rock in a weary land –
A shelter in the time of storm.

A shade by day, defense by night –
A shelter in the time of storm;
No fears alarm, no foes affright –
A shelter in the time of storm.

The raging storms may round us beat –
A shelter in the time of storm;
We'll never leave our safe retreat –
A shelter in the time of storm.

O Rock divine, O Refuge dear –
A shelter in the time of storm;
Be Thou our helper ever near –
A shelter in the time of storm.

167 A ROCK THAT STANDS FOREVER

A Rock that stands for - e - ver
Is Christ my Righteousness!
In Him I stand un-fear-ing
In e-ver-last-ing bliss!
Christ is my boast and glory –
All wrath for me is o'er;
The judgment of the sinner
Affrighteth me no more.

There is no condemnation,
There is no hell for me!
The torment and the fire –
My eyes shall never see!
For me there is no sentence,
For me there is no sting,
For Christ, my Lord, who saved me,
Will shield me with His wing!

No hunger, Lord, nor thirsting,
No danger, fear, nor fight,
No foe, no tribulation,
No throne, nor pow'r, nor might,
No height, no depth, no creature
That has been or can be.
Can pluck me from Thy bosom –
Can sever me from Thee!

My heart in joy upleapeth –
Grief cannot linger there!
O Jesus, Lord in glory,
Thou art my sunshine fair!
The Source of all my singing
Is Jesus there above,
The Sun that shines upon me
Is Jesus and His love!

168 WHEN DAYS ARE SAD AND DREARY

When days are sad and dreary
And tears mine eyes o'erflow;
With fear I face the future,
Alone I dare not go.
Lord Jesus pray walk with me,
Lead me through earth's dark vale;
Away with earth's vain glory,
With Thee I shall prevail.

Whene'er God's love I ponder,
What comfort fills my breast;
His goodness makes me wonder,
Who can give me sweet rest?
O Lord Thou art ascended,
In Heav'n to pray for me;
Whene'er Thy love I ponder,
Thy loving face I see.

169 ABIDE WITH ME

Abide with me fast fails the eventide,
The darkness deepens Lord, with me abide;
When other help - ers fail and comforts flee,
Help of the helpless, O abide with me !

Swift to its close ebbs out life's little day,
Earth's joy grow dim, its glory pass away;
Change and decay in all around I see,
O Thou who changest not, abide with me !

I need Thy presence ev'ry passing hour;
What but Thy grace can foil the tempter's pow'r?
Who like Thyself my guide and stay can be?
Thru cloud and sunshine, O abide with me!

Hold Thou Thy word before my closing eyes,
Shine thru the gloom and point me to the skies
Heav'n's morning breaks and earth's vain shadows flee;
In life, in death, O Lord, abide with me!

170 GOD IS STILL ON THE THRONE

Have you started for glory and heaven,
Have you left this old world far behind;
In your heart is the Comforter dwelling,
Can you say "Praise the Lord, He is mine;"
Have the ones that once walked on the highway,
Gone back, and you seem all alone?
Keep your eyes on the prize, for the home in the skies,
God is still on the throne.

Chorus:
God is still on the throne, and He will remember His own
Though trials may press us and burdens distress us,
He never will leave us alone;
God is still on the throne, He never forsaketh His own;
His promise is true, He will not forget you,
God is still on the throne.

Burdened soul, is your heart growing weary
With the toil and the heat of the day;
Does it seem that your path is more thorny,
As you journey along on life's way ?
Go away and in secret before him
Tell your grief to the Saviour alone;
He will lighten your care, for He still answers prayer,
God is still on the throne.

You may live in a tent or a cottage,
Unnoticed by those who pass by;
But a mansion for you He is building
In that beautiful city on high;
It will outshine the wealth and the splendor
Of the richest on earth we have known;
He's the Architect true, and He's building for you;
God is still on the throne.

He is coming again, is the promise
To disciples when He went away;
In like manner as He has gone from you,
You will see Him returning some day;
Does His tarrying cause you to wonder,
Does it seem He's forgotten His own?
His promise is true, He is coming for you;
God is still on the throne.

171 BEFORE THE THRONE OF GOD ABOVE

Before the throne of God above
I have a strong and perfect plea.
A great High Priest whose name is Love
Who ever lives and pleads for me.
My name is graven on His hands,
My name is written on His heart.
I know that while in heaven He stands
No tongue can bid me thence depart.

When Satan tempts me to despair
And tells me of the guilt within,
Upward I look and see Him there
Who made an end to all my sin.
Because the sinless Saviour died
My sinful soul is counted free.
For God the Just is satisfied
To look on Him and pardon me.

Behold Him there the risen Lamb,
My perfect spotless righteousness,
The great unchangeable I Am,
The King of glory and of grace.
One with Himself I cannot die,
My soul is purchased by His blood
My life is hid with Christ on high
With Christ my Saviour and my God!

172 GOD BE WITH YOU

God be with you till we meet again
By his counsels guide, uphold you,
With His sheep securely fold you -
God be with you till we meet again.

Chorus:
Till we meet - till we meet,
Till we meet at Jesus' feet (till we meet)
Till we meet, - till we meet -
God be with you till we meet again

God be with you till we meet again
'Neath His wings protecting hide you,
Daily manna still provide you -
God be with you till we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again
When life's perils thick confound you,
Put His arms unfailing round you -
God be with you till we meet again.

God be with you till we meet again
Keep love's banner floating o'er you,
Smite death's threat'ning wave before you -
God be with you till we meet again.

173 JESUS GIVE ME A SONG

In sin I wandered, seeking a song.
Days were so dreary, nights were so long.
One day believing, Jesus receiving,
My soul thrilled with a song.

Chorus:
Jesus gives me a song as I travel along
On life's luring, lonesome road;
I can sing as I go for there's one thing I know,
That will lift life's heavy load;
When the shadows are long, He will give me a song
As when skies are blue and bright;
For each step of the way, each hour of the day,
And songs in the deepest night.

Songs in the day time, songs in the night
Songs of devotion, songs of delight
Melodies ringing, in my heart singing
Jesus gives me a song.

Are you in trouble, are you distressed
Is there no singing, all is unrest
Look up to Jesus, He died to free us
He will give you a song.

174 HE'LL GO WITH ME ALL THE WAY

He'll go with me all the way,
He's my comfort and my stay;
From His tender love and mercy
I will never, never stray;
O'er the mountain rough and steep,
Through the valley dark and deep;
Till I reach my home in glory,
He'll go with me all the way.

175 HE HIDETH MY SOUL

A wonderful Saviour is Jesus my Lord,
A wonderful Saviour to me;
He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock,
Where rivers of pleasure I see.

Chorus:
He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock
That shadows a dry, thirsty land;
He hideth my life in the depths of His love,
And covers me there with His hand,
And covers me there with His hand.

A wonderful Saviour is Jesus my Lord,
He taketh my burden away;
He holdeth me up, and I shall not be moved,
He giveth me strength as my day.

With numberless blessings each moment He crowns,
And, filled with His fullness divine,
I sing in my rapture, oh, glory to God
For such a Redeemer as mine!

When clothed in His brightness, transported I rise
To meet Him in clouds of the sky,
His perfect salvation, His wonderful love,
I'll shout with the millions on high.

176 HE IS MY EVERYTHING

He is my everything, He is my all,
He is my everything, both great and small.
He gave His life for me, made everything new,
He is my everything, now how about you?
Some folks may ask me, some folks may say,
"Who is this Jesus you talk about everyday?"
He is my Saviour, He set me free,
Now listen while I tell you what He means to me.

177 WHERE JESUS IS, TIS HEAVEN

Since Christ my soul from sin set free,
This world has Heav'n been to me;
And 'mid earth's sorrows and its woe,
'Tis Heav'n my Jesus here to know.

Chorus:
O hallelujah, yes, 'tis Heav'n,
'Tis Heav'n to know my sins forgiv'n;
On land or sea, what matters where?
Where Jesus is, 'tis Heaven there.

Once Heaven seemed a far off place,
Till Jesus showed His smiling face;
Now it's begun within my soul,
'Twill last while endless ages roll

What matters where on earth we dwell?
On mountain top, or in the dell,
In cottage, or a mansion fair,
Where Jesus is, 'tis Heav'n there.

178 LORD, YOU'RE ALL I NEED

Oft times I've tried to live my life according to my will.
When darkness comes it's difficult to rest and just be still.
But Lord, You are my shepherd who guides me in the way,
And I will learn this glorious truth If I Your Word obey.

Chorus:
You're all I need, You're the Lord of everything.
All I need, this is why I humbly sing.
Your strength is sustaining, and your grace has made me free.
You're my heart's lone desire, You're all I need.

By wanting more, I've wanted less than all You've given me.
You gave your all by laying down your life on Calvary.
So I surrender all, Lord, my best to You I give,
And thank you now for giving me a reason to live.

179 I'M SO HAPPY

I'm so happy and here's the reason why,
Jesus took my burden all away;
Now I'm singing as the days go by,
Jesus took my burden all away.
Once my heart was heavy with a load of sin,
Jesus took the load and gave me peace within;
Now I'm happy and that's the reason why,
Jesus took my burden all away.

180 WHAT A PRECIOUS FRIEND

Jesus, what a precious friend, Saving, keeping, to the end,
He gave Himself on Calv'ry's cross,
But lives to guide my way (I'll trust Him);
Someday He'll come back again, Then with Him I'll ever reign,
A precious Saviour, Keeper, Friend and Lord,
He's mine to - day.

181 HIS YOKE IS EASY

The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want;
He maketh me down to lie
In pastures green, He leadeth me,
The quiet waters by.

Chorus:
His yoke is easy, His burden is light,
I've found it so, I've found it so;
He leadeth me by day and by night,
Where living waters flow.

My soul crieth out : "Restore me again,
And give me the strength to take
The narrow path of righteousness,
E'en for His own name's sake."

Yea, though I should walk the valley of death,
Yet why should I fear from ill?
For Thou art with me, and Thy rod
And staff me comfort still.

182 I WAITED FOR THE LORD MY GOD

I waited for the Lord my God,
And patiently did bear;
At length to me He did incline,
My voice and cry to hear.

He took me from a fearful pit
And from the miry clay,
And on a rock He set my feet,
Establishing my way.

He put a new song in my mouth,
Our God to magnify;
Many shall see it, and shall fear,
And on the Lord rely.

O blessed is the man whose trust
Upon the Lord relies,
Respecting not the proud, nor such
As turn aside to lies.

O Lord my God, full many are
The wonders Thou hast done;
Thy gracious thoughts to us-ward far
Above all thoughts are gone.

Thy tender mercies, Lord, from me
O do Thou not restrain;
Thy loving-kindness, and Thy truth,
Let them me still maintain.

183 I WILL NEVER LEAVE YOU

As Joseph sought the Lord, his God, with all his heart,
God laid on him a burden he would bear, yet not alone.
The Lord was with this holy man to bring to pass His master plan.
Through foreign lands, God walked beside His own.

Chorus:
I'll never leave you, never forsake you.
By waters still, in pastures green, I'll often take you.
But when I break you, so that My name be glorified,
I'll never leave you, never forsake you.

Though fires and floods would seem to hide His plan for you,
Though trials and afflictions seem to take away your song,
Though you may never understand, just trust in His upholding hand.
In time you'll learn, He's been there all along.

184 LEANING ON THE EVERLASTING ARMS

What a fellowship, what a joy divine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!
What a blessedness, what a peace is mine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!

Chorus:
Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms;
Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms.

O how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!
O how bright the path grows from day to day,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!

What have I to dread, what have I to fear,
Leaning on the everlasting arms!
I have blessed peace with my Lord so near,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

185 LORD, I NEED YOU

Sometimes when life seems gentle and blessings flood my way,
I turn my gaze away from You and soon forget to pray.
But when the sky grows darker and courage turns to fear,
My anxious voice cries upward with words You long to hear.

Chorus:
Lord, I need You when the sea of life is calm.
O Lord, I need You when the wind is blowing strong.
Whether trials come or cease, keep me always on my knees.
Lord, I need You. Lord, I need You.

Lord, help me to remember I'm weak but You are strong.
I cannot sing apart from You, for Lord, You are my song.
Although I'm prone to wander and boast in all I do;
Lord, keep my eyes turned upward so I depend on You.

186 MY GOD IS NEAR

Make me know Your presence, Lord, the King of glory here.
You know each thought and action, hope, anxiety and fear.
How can I hide from Thee? Can darkness hide iniquity?
Oh, how can I unfaithful be, when You are very near to me?

Chorus:
When God is near, all the world seems far away.
When God is near, every fear is set aside.
When God is near, how can I stray, how can I falter?
I'll stay upon the altar. I know my God is near!

Make me know Your presence, Lord, when I feel so alone.
You know each trial and testing, pain, the hurt that is "unknown."
Oh, why can I not see Your hand so firmly guiding me?
Oh how can I untrusting be, when You are very near to me?

187 ALL I EVER WANT TO BE

All I ever want to be is what You want of me, Lord:
I give my life to You.
And all my hopes and dreams and plans
I place within Your hands, Lord,
And give my life to You.
Here am I, Lord, use me;
Take my life and mold me.
All I ever want to be is what You want of me, Lord:
I give my life to You.
And all my hopes and dreams and plans
I place within Your hands, Lord,
And give my life to You.

188 ALL FOR JESUS

All for Jesus, all for Jesus!
All my being's ransomed pow'rs:
All my thoughts and words and doings,
All my days and all my hours.
All for Jesus! All for Jesus!
All my days and all my hours;
All for Jesus! All for Jesus!
All my days and all my hours.

Let my hands perform His bidding,
Let my feet run in His ways;
Let my eyes see Jesus only,
Let my lips speak forth His praise.
All for Jesus! All for Jesus!
Let my lips speak forth His praise;
All for Jesus! All for Jesus!
Let my lips speak forth His praise.

Since my eyes were fixed on Jesus,
I've lost sight of all beside;
So enchained my spirit's vision,
Looking at the Crucified.
All for Jesus! All for Jesus!
Looking at the Crucified;
All for Jesus! All for Jesus!
Looking at the Crucified.

Oh, what wonder! How amazing!
Jesus, glorious King of kings,
Deigns to call me His beloved,
Lets me rest beneath His wings.
All for Jesus ! All for Jesus !
Resting now beneath His wings;
All for Jesus ! All for Jesus !
Resting now beneath His wings.

189 WHY WORRY WHEN YOU CAN PRAY

Why worry, when you can pray?
Trust Jesus, He'll be your stay.
Don't be a doubting Thomas,
Rest fully on His promise.
Why worry, worry, worry, worry
When you can pray?

190 ARE YE ABLE

"Are ye able," said the Master,
"To be crucified with Me?"
"Yea," the sturdy dreamers answered,
"To the death we follow Thee."

Chorus:
Lord, we are a - ble. Our spirits are Thine.
Remold them, make us, like Thee, divine.
Thy guiding radiance above us shall be
A beacon to God, to love and loyalty.

Are you able to relinquish Purple dreams of power and fame,
To go down into the Garden, Or to die a death of shame?

Are ye able, when the anguish Racks your mind and heart with pain,
To forgive the souls who wrong you, Who would make your striving vain?

Are ye able to remember, When a thief lifts up his eyes,
That his pardoned soul is worthy Of a place in paradise?

Are ye able when the shadows Close around you with the sod,
To believe that spirit triumphs, To commend your soul to God?

Are ye able? Still the Master Whispers down eternity,
And heroic spirits answer, Now as then in Galilee.

191 IT'S NO LONGER I THAT LIVETH

It's no longer I that liveth,
But Christ that liveth in me.
It's no longer I that liveth,
But Christ that liveth in me.
He lives! He lives!
Jesus is alive in me!
It's no longer I that liveth,
But Christ that liveth in me.

192 CLOSE TO THEE

Thou my everlasting portion,
More than friend or life to me;
All along my pilgrim journey,
Saviour let me walk with Thee
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
All along my pilgrim journey,
Saviour let me walk with Thee

Not for ease or worldly pleasure,
Nor for fame my pray'r shall be;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Gladly will I toil and suffer,
Only let me walk with Thee.

Lead me thru the vale of shadows,
Bear me o'er life's fitful sea;
Then the gate of life eternal
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.
Close to Thee, close to Thee,
Close to Thee, close to Thee;
Then the gate of life eternal
May I enter, Lord, with Thee.

193 CREATE IN ME A CLEAN HEART

I came to the Lord with my heart full of sin,
Empty of purpose and troubled within.
My flesh had the vic - t'ry, My heart sought release;
Lord, wilt Thou cleanse me and grant me Thy peace?

Chorus:
Create in me a clean heart, my Father;
Renew a right spirit in me.
Restore unto me the joy of Thy sal - va - tion;
May Christ be seen in me.

I cried to the Saviour, "Forgive me, I pray."
He granted cleansing and sins fell away.
My bondage was ended, my heart was set free;
Lord, nevermore may I wander from Thee.

194 FULLY SURRENDERED

With a contrite heart, for a faith that's sure,
With a thirst for righteousness, and a love that's pure.
We with all our hearts seek Thy perfect will.
Emptied of our own desire, break us, Lord, and with Thy Spirit fill.

Chorus:
A heart that's pure, a conscience clear,
A soul that thirst for holiness in godly fear,
Be this my prayer, mine all upon Thine alter still,
Fully surrendered to Thy will.

Consecrate Thine own, and Thy saints perfect,
Purge our hearts from secret faults; chasten and correct.
Lord, we wait on Thee. Let Thy Kingdom come.
Hallowed be Thy name on earth. As in heaven let Thy will be done.

195 WHAT SHALL WE CHILDREN BRING

The wise may bring their learning,
The rich may bring their wealth,
And some may bring their greatness,
And some bring strength and health;
We, too, would bring our treasures
To offer to the King;
We have no wealth or learning;
What shall we children bring?

We'll bring Him hearts that love Him;
We'll bring Him thankful praise,
And young souls meekly striving
To walk in holy ways;
And these shall be the treasures
We offer to the King,
And these are gifts that even
The poorest child may bring.

We'll bring the little duties
We have to do each day;
We'll try our best to please Him,
At home, at school, at play;
And better are these treasures
To offer to our King;
Than richest gifts without them-
Yet these a child may bring.

196 TAKE MY LIFE AND LET IT BE

Take my life, and let it be
Consecrated, Lord, to Thee.
Take my moments and my days,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise,
Let them flow in ceaseless praise.

Take my hands and let them move
At the impulse of Thy love;
Take my feet and let them be
Swift and beautiful for Thee,
Swift and beautiful for Thee.

Take my voice and let me sing
Always, only for my King;
Take my lips and let them be
Filled with messages from Thee,
Filled with messages from Thee.

Take my silver and my gold,
Not a mite would I withhold:
Take my intellect and use
Every pow'r as Thou shalt choose,
Every pow'r as Thou shalt choose.

Take my will and make it Thine;
It shall be no longer mine:
Take my heart, it is Thine own;
It shall be Thy royal throne,
It shall be Thy royal throne.

Take my love, my Lord, I pour
At Thy feet its treasure store:
Take myself and I will be
Ever, only, all for Thee,
Ever, only, all for Thee.

197 TAKE THOU OUR MINDS, DEAR LORD

Take Thou our minds, dear Lord, we humbly pray;
Give us the mind of Christ each passing day;
Teach us to know the truth that sets us free;
Grant us in all our thoughts to honour Thee.

Take Thou our hearts, O Christ, they are Thine own;
Come Thou within our souls and claim Thy throne;
Help us to shed abroad Thy deathless love;
Use us to make the earth like heav'n above.

Take Thou our wills, Most High! Hold Thou full sway;
Have in our inmost souls Thy perfect way;
Guard Thou each sacred hour from selfish ease;
Guide Thou our ordered lives as Thou dost please.

Take Thou ourselves, O Lord, heart, mind, and will;
Through our surrendered souls Thy plans fulfill.
We yield ourselves to Thee time, talents, all;
We hear, and henceforth heed, Thy sovereign call.

198 VAIN ARE ALL TERRESTRIAL PLEASURES

Vain are all terrestrial pleasures,
Mixed with dross the purest gold:
Seek we, then, for heav'nly treasures,
Treasures never waxing old.
Let our best affections centre
On the things around the throne:
There no thief can ever enter;
Moth and rust are there unknown.

Earthly joys no longer please us;
Here would we renounce them all;
Seek our only rest in Jesus,
Him our Lord and Master call.
Faith, our languid spirits cheering,
Points to brighter worlds above;
Bids us look for His appearing;
Bids us triumph in His love.

May our light be always burning,
And our loins be girded round,
Waiting for our Lord's returning,
Longing for the welcome sound.
Thus the Christian life adorning,
Never need we be afraid,
Should He come at night or morning
Early dawn, or evening shade.

199 REMIND ME, DEAR LORD

The things that I love and hold dear to my heart
They are borrowed, they're not mine at all
Jesus only let me use them to brighten my life
So remind me, remind me dear Lord.

Chorus:
Roll back the curtain of memory now and then,
Show me where You've brought me from
And where I should have been;
Remember, I'm human and humans forget
So remind me, remind me dear Lord.

Nothing good have I done to deserve God's own Son,
I'm not worthy of the scars in His hands;
Yet he chose the road to Calvary to die in my stead
Why He loved me, I can't understand.

200 SEEK YE FIRST

Seek ye first the kingdom of God
And his righteousness,
And all these things shall be added unto you
Allelu, Alleluia!

Man shall not live by bread alone,
But by every word
That proceedeth from the mouth of God
Allelu, Alleluia!

Ask, and it shall be given unto you,
Seek, and ye shall find,
Knock, and the door shall be opened unto you
Allelu, Alleluia!

201 SPIRIT OF THE LIVING GOD

Spirit of the living God, fall fresh on me;
Spirit of the living God, fall fresh on me.
Melt me, mold me, fill me, use me.
Spirit of the living God, fall fresh on me.

202 WHERE YOUR HEART IS

Chorus:
I guess it all comes down to where your heart is,
It's there your thoughts and feelings all begin;
But if you never give your heart to Jesus,
You'll never really have a part in Him.

If your treasures are in heaven,
Then your heart will be there too,
And the things you say and do will show Christ's love;
But if your treasures' here on earth,
Tell me where your heart will be,
You'll never have a part in things above.

If your mind's set on the Spirit,
And you're walking in God's light
Then the watching world will see Christ's love in you
But if your mind's set on the earth
And the earthly things you do,
In poverty you'll live your whole life through.

203 TAKE THE WORLD, BUT GIVE ME JESUS

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
All its joys are but a name;
But His love abideth ever,
Through eternal years the same.

Chorus:
Oh, the height and depth of mercy!
Oh, the length and breadth of love!
Oh, the fullness of redemption,
Pledge of endless life above!

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
Sweetest comfort of my soul;
With my Saviour watching o'er me,
I can sing though billows roll.

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
Let me view His constant smile;
Then throughout my pilgrim journey
Light will cheer me all the while.

Take the world, but give me Jesus!
In His cross my trust shall be,
Till, with clearer, brighter vision,
Face to face my Lord I see.

204 UNTIL THEN

My heart can sing when I pause to remember
A heartache here is but a stepping stone
Along a trail that's winding always upward,
This troubled world is not my final home.

Chorus:
But until then my heart will go on singing,
Until then with joy I'll carry on-
Until the day my eyes behold the city,
Until the day God calls me home.

The things of earth will dim and lose their value
If we recall they're borrowed for awhile;
And things of earth that cause the heart to tremble,
Remembered there will only bring a smile.

This weary world with all its toil and struggle
May take its toll of misery and strife;
The soul of man is like a waiting falcon;
When it's released, it's destined for the skies.

205 RISE UP, O MEN OF GOD

Rise up, O men of God!
Have done with lesser things;
Give heart and soul and mind and strength
To serve the King of kings.

Rise up, O men of God!
The kingdom tarries long;
Bring in the day of brotherhood
And end the night of wrong.

Rise up, O men of God!
The church for you doth wait,
Her strength unequal to her task;
Rise up and make her great!

Lift high the cross of Christ!
Tread where His feet have trod;
As brothers of the Son of Man,
Rise up, O men of God!

206 SAVIOUR, MORE THAN LIFE TO ME

Saviour, more than life to me,
I am clinging, clinging, close to Thee;
Let Thy precious blood applied,
Keep me ever, ever near Thy side.

Chorus:
Every day, every hour,
Let me feel Thy cleansing pow'r;
May Thy tender love to me
Bind me closer, closer, Lord to Thee.

Through this changing world below,
Lead me gently, gently as I go;
Trusting Thee, I cannot stray,
I can never, never lose my way.

Let me love Thee more and more,
Till this fleeting, fleeting life is o'er;
Till my soul is lost in love,
In a brighter, brighter world above.

207 THEE WILL I LOVE

Thee will I love, my strength, my tow'r,
Thee I adore, my joy, my crown,
Thee will I love with all my pow'r,
I love Thy Name, and Thine alone;
Thee will I love, till Holy Ghost fire
Fill all my soul with pure desire.

In darkness foolishly I strayed,
I sought Thee, yet from Thee I roved;
Too long my selfish thoughts obeyed
Thy creature more than Thee I loved;
But now Thy truth at last I see,
'Tis by Thy light it leadeth me.

I thank Thee, O Thou Righteous Sun,
For Thy bright beams on me have shined;
Thou hast the Tempter overthrown
My woes, removed and healed my mind;
I thank Thee for Thy quick'ning voice
Bids my poor heart in Thee rejoice.

Thee will I love, my joy, my crown,
Thee I adore my Lord, my God;
Thee will I love beneath Thy frown
I see Thy smile Thy shepherd's rod;
Let good and kindred pass away;
With Thee I'll dwell in endless day!

208 SERVANT'S HEART

Make me a servant like you, dear Lord,
Living for others each day.
Humble and meek, helping the weak,
Loving in all that I say.

Chorus:
Give me, Lord, a servant's heart.
Here's my life; take ev'ry part.
Give me, Lord, a servant's heart.
Help me draw so close to You
That your love comes shining through.
Give me, Lord, a servant's heart.
Give me, Lord, a servant's heart.

Make me a witness like You, dear Lord,
Showing the love of the cross,
Sharing your Word till all have heard,
Serving whatever the cost.

209 THE OLD-FASHIONED WAY

They call me old-fashioned because I believe
That the Bible is God's holy Word,
That Jesus, who lived among men long ago,
Is divine, and the Christ of God.

Chorus:
My sin was old-fashioned,
My guilt was old-fashioned,
God's love was old-fashioned, I know;
And the way I was saved was the old-fashioned way,
Through the blood that makes whiter than snow.

Old-fashioned, because I believe and accept
Only what has been spoken from heav'n;
Old-fashioned because at the cross I was saved,
At the cross had my sins forgiv'n.

Old-fashioned, because I am bound to do right,
To walk in the straight narrow way;
Because I have given my whole life to God,
Old-fashioned, because I pray.

Old-fashioned, because I am looking above
To Jesus, my glorified Lord;
Because I believe He is coming again,
Fulfilling His holy Word.

210 STUDY TO SHOW THYSELF APPROVED

Study to show thyself approved unto God,
Approved unto God, approved unto God.
Study to show thyself approved unto God,
A workman that needeth not to be ashamed.
Not to be ashamed, not to be ashamed,
A workman that needeth not to be ashamed,
Rightly dividing, rightly dividing,
Rightly dividing the Word of Truth.

211 TO WHOM MUCH HAS BEEN GIVEN

We gather in God's presence To worship Him this hour.
We honour and exalt Him, We kneel to Him in prayer.
Our words are but a silence Unless we do as He desires.
For to whom much has been given Much more shall be required.

Chorus:
To whom much has been given Much more shall be required.
You have given gold and silver; Will you give to Him your lives?
Will you labour with your Sa - vior? Will you do as He desires?
For to whom much has been given Much more shall be required.

To seek the lost and hungry And feed them with His Word,
To reach out to our enemies, And embrace them with His love,
Empowered and commissioned, So we must do as He desires.
For to whom much has been given Much more shall be required.

212 I WILL FOLLOW

I will follow Thee, my Saviour,
Where'er the pathway may go:
Through the storm or through the valley
Or through great trials so low.

Chorus:
I rest in Thee, trust in Thee,
I place my life in Thy hands.
I will follow Thee, my Saviour;
Lead on, my Shepherd, lead on.

I will live for Thee, my Saviour,
Though war and strife mark the way.
I'm so weak, but Thou art mighty,
So live through me day by day.

I surrender all, my Saviour,
I hold no thing back from Thee;
Every part is Thine to use, Lord,
Thy living sacrifice be.

213 I WANT TO WALK WITH JESUS CHRIST

I want to walk with Jesus Christ
All the days I live of this life on earth,
To give to Him complete control
Of body and of soul.

Chorus:
Follow Him, follow Him, yield your life to Him,
He has conquered death, He is King of kings.
Accept the joy that He gives to those
Who yield their lives to Him.

I want to learn to speak to Him,
To pray to Him, confess my sin,
To open my life and let Him in,
For joy will then be mine.

I want to learn to speak of Him;
My life must show that He lives in me,
My deeds, my thoughts, my words must speak
All of His love for me.

I want to learn to read His Word
For this is how I know the way,
To live my life as pleases Him
In holiness and joy.

O Holy Spirit of the Lord,
Enter now into this heart of mine;
Take full control of my selfish will
And make it wholly Thine.

214 I SURRENDER ALL

All to Jesus I surrender, all to Him I freely give;
I will ever love and trust Him, in His presence daily live.

Chorus:
I surrender all, I surrender all;
All to Thee, my blessed Saviour, I surrender all.

All to Jesus I surrender, humbly at His feet I bow;
Worldly pleasures all forsaken, take me, Jesus, take me now.

All to Jesus I surrender, make me, Saviour, wholly Thine;
Let me feel the Holy Spirit, truly know that Thou art mine.

All to Jesus I surrender, Lord, I give myself to thee;
Fill me with Thy love and power, let Thy blessing fall on me.

215 I KNOW THE LORD WILL MAKE A WAY FOR ME

I know the Lord will make a way for me,
I know the Lord will make a way for me;
If I live a holy life, shun the wrong and do the right,
I know the Lord will make a way for me.

I know the Lord will make a way for me,
I know the Lord will make a way for me;
If I look to Him and pray, darkest night will turn to day.
I know the Lord will make a way for me.

I know the Lord has made a way for me,
I know the Lord has made a way for me;
So I'll live for Him each day, in the things I do and say,
I know the Lord has made a way for me.

216 I WANT TO BE FAITHFUL

I want to be faithful, I want to be true;
I want to be faithful in all I do.
I want to be faithful through every test;
I want to be faithful, I'll give Him my best.

217 I HAVE DECIDED TO FOLLOW JESUS

I have decided to follow Jesus,
I have decided to follow Jesus,
I have decided to follow Jesus -
No turning back, no turning back!

Though no one join me, still I will follow,
Though no one join me, still I will follow,
Though no one join me, still I will follow -
No turning back, no turning back!

The world behind me, the cross before me,
The world behind me, the cross before me,
The world behind me, the cross before me -
No turning back, no turning back!

Have you decided to follow Jesus?
Have you decided to follow Jesus?
Have you decided to follow Jesus?
No turning back, no turning back!

218 I AM THINE, O LORD

I am Thine, O Lord - I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith
And be closer drawn to Thee.

Chorus:
Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died;
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer, blessed Lord,
To Thy precious, bleeding side.

Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the pow'r of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope
And my will be lost in Thine.

O the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with friend.

There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

219 I AM RESOLVED

I am resolved no longer to linger,
Charmed by the world's delight;
Things that are higher, things that are nobler,
These have allured my sight.

Chorus:
I will hasten to Him, hasten so glad and free;
Jesus, greatest, highest, I will come to Thee.

I am resolved to go to the Saviour,
Leaving my sin and strife;
He is the True One, He is the Just One,
He hath the words of life.

I am resolved to follow the Saviour,
Faithful and true each day;
Heed what He saith, do what He willeth,
He is the living way.

I am resolved to enter the kingdom,
Leaving the paths of sin;
Friends may oppose me, foes may beset me,
Still will I enter in.

220 HIS WAY WITH THEE
Would you live for Jesus and be always pure and good?
Would you walk with Him within the narrow road?
Would you have Him bear your burden, carry all your load?
Let Him have His way with thee.

Chorus:
His pow'r can make you what you ought to be,
His blood can cleanse your heart and make you free,
His love can fill your soul, and you will see
'Twas best for Him to have His way with thee.

Would you have Him make you free, and follow at His call?
Would you know the peace that comes by giving all?
Would you have Him save you, so that you can never fall?
Let Him have His way with thee.

Would you in His kingdom find a place of constant rest?
Would you prove Him true in providential test?
Would you in His service labor always at your best?
Let Him have His way with thee.

221 HIGHER GROUND
I'm pressing on the upward way,
New heights I'm gaining every day;
Still praying as I'm onward bound,
Lord, plant my feet on higher ground.

Chorus:
Lord, lift me up and let me stand
By faith on heaven's table land;
A higher plane than I have found,
Lord, plant my feet on higher ground.

My heart has no desire to stay
Where doubts arise and fears dismay;
Though some may dwell where these abound,
My prayer, my aim, is higher ground.

I want to live above the world,
Though Satan's darts at me are hurled;
For faith has caught the joyful sound,
The song of saints on higher ground.

I want to scale the utmost height,
And catch a gleam of glory bright;
But still I'll pray till heav'n I've found,
Lord, lead me on to higher ground.

222 HAVE THINE OWN WAY, LORD

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Thou art the Potter; I am the clay:
Mould me and make me after Thy will,
While I am waiting, yielded and still.

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Search me and try me, Master, today.
Whiter than snow, Lord, wash me just now,
As in Thy presence humbly I bow.

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Wounded and weary, help me, I pray.
Power, all power, surely is Thine;
Touch me and heal me, Saviour Divine.

Have Thine own way, Lord, Have Thine own way;
Hold o'er my being absolute sway!
Fill with Thy Spirit till all shall see
Christ only, always, living in me.

223 HAVE I DONE MY BEST FOR JESUS?

I wonder, have I done my best for Jesus,
Who died upon the cruel tree?
To think of His great sacrifice at Calv'ry!
I know my Lord expects the best from me.

Chorus:
How many are the lost that I have lifted?
How many are the chained I've helped to free?
I wonder, have I done my best for Jesus,
When He has done so much for me?

The hours that I have wasted are so many,
The hours I've spent for Christ so few;
Because of all my lack of love for Jesus,
I wonder if His heart is breaking too.

I wonder, have I cared enough for others,
Or have I let them die alone?
I might have helped a wand'rer to the Saviour,
The seed of precious Life I might have sown.

No longer will I stay within the valley -
I'll climb to mountain heights above;
The world is dying now for want of someone
To tell them of the Saviour's matchless love.

224 JESUS IS ALL THE WORLD TO ME

Jesus is all the world to me, my life, my joy, my all;
He is my strength from day to day, without Him I would fall.
When I am sad to Him I go, no other one can cheer me so;
When I am sad, he makes me glad - He's my Friend.

Jesus is all the world to me, my Friend in trials sore;
I go to Him for blessings, and He gives them o'er and o'er.
He sends the sunshine and the rain, He sends the harvest's
golden grain;
Sunshine and rain, harvest of grain - He's my Friend.

Jesus is all the world to me, and true to Him I'll be;
Oh how could I this Friend deny, when He's so true to me?
Following Him I know I'm right, He watches o'er me day and
night;
Following Him by day and night - He's my Friend.

Jesus is all the world to me, I want no better friend;
I trust Him now, I'll trust Him when life's fleeting days shall end.
Beautiful life with such a Friend, beautiful life that has no end;
Eternal life, eternal joy - He's my Friend.

225 JUST AS I AM

Just as I am, without one plea
But that Thy blood was shed for me,
And that Thou bidd'st me come to Thee,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, and waiting not
To rid my soul of one dark blot,
To thee, whose blood can cleanse each spot,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, though tossed about
With many a conflict, many a doubt,
Fightings and fears within, without,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, poor, wretched, blind:
Sight, riches, healing of the mind,
Yea, all I need in Thee to find,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

Just as I am, Thou wilt receive,
Wilt welcome, pardon, cleanse, relieve;
Because Thy promise I believe,
O Lamb of God, I come, I come.

226 JUST A CLOSER WALK WITH THEE

Just a closer walk with Thee -
Grant it, Jesus, it's my plea;
Daily walking close to Thee -
Let it be, dear Lord, let it be.

I am weak, but Thou art strong -
Jesus, keep me from all wrong;
I'll be satisfied as long
As I walk, dear Lord, close to Thee.

Through this world of toil and snares,
If I falter, Lord, who cares?
Who with me my burden shares?
None but Thee, dear Lord, none but Thee.

When my feeble life is o'er,
Time for me will be no more;
On that bright eternal shore
I will walk, dear Lord, close to Thee.

227 JESUS CALLS US! O'ER THE TUMULT

Jesus calls us o'er the tumult
Of our life's wild, restless sea,
Day by day His sweet voice soundeth,
Saying, "Christian, follow Me."

Jesus calls us from the worship
Of the vain world's golden store,
From each idol that would keep us,
Saying, "Christian, love Me more."

In our joys and in our sorrows,
Days of toil and hours of ease,
Still he calls in cares and pleasures,
"Christian, love Me more than these."

Jesus calls us: by Thy mercies,
Saviour, may we hear Thy call,
Give our hearts to Thine obedience,
Serve and love Thee best of all.

228 I'LL GO WHERE YOU WANT ME TO GO

It may not be on the mountain's height
Or over the stormy sea,
It may not be at the battle's front
My Lord will have need of me;
But if by a still, small voice He calls
To paths I do not know,
I'll answer, dear Lord, with my hand in Thine,
I'll go where You want me to go.

Chorus:
I'll go where You want me to go, dear Lord,
O'er mountain, or plain or sea;
I'll say what You want me to say, dear Lord,
I'll be what You want me to be.

Perhaps today there are loving words
Which Jesus would have me speak,
There may be now, in the paths of sin,
Some wand'rer whom I should seek;
O Saviour, if Thou wilt be my Guide,
Though dark and rugged the way,
My voice shall echo the message sweet,
I'll say what You want me to say.

There's surely somewhere a lowly place
In earth's harvest fields so wide,
Where I may labour through life's short day
for Jesus the Crucified;
So, trusting my all unto Thy care -
I know Thou lovest me -
I'll do Thy will with a heart sincere,
I'll be what You want me to be.

229 I'M LIVING FOR JESUS ALONE

He's my life, He's my light, He fills me with delight;
Jesus Christ is my Saviour and I trust in His might.
He's my King, everything I have is His own,
Yes, I'm living for Jesus alone.
I'll spread the Word everywhere,
This gladness I must share,
All my sorrows I've left far behind me there,
And I know you will find, there'll be peace of mind
When you're living for Jesus alone.

230 IS YOUR ALL ON THE ALTAR?

You have longed for sweet peace and for faith to increase,
And have earnestly, fervently prayed;
But you cannot have rest or be perfectly blest
Until all on the altar is laid.

Chorus:
Is your all on the altar of sacrifice laid?
Your heart does the Spirit control?
You can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest
As you yield Him your body and soul.

Would you walk with the Lord in the light of His Word,
And have peace and contentment alway?
You must do His sweet will to be free from all ill -
On the altar your all you must lay.

O we never can know what the Lord will bestow
Of the blessings for which we have prayed,
Till our body and soul He doth fully control,
And our all on the altar is laid.

Who can tell all the love He will send from above,
And how happy our hearts will be made,
Of the fellowship sweet we shall share at His feet
When our all on the altar is laid!

231 I'D RATHER HAVE JESUS

I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold,
I'd rather be His than have riches untold;
I'd rather have Jesus than houses or lands,
I'd rather be led by His nail-pierced hand.

Chorus:
Than to be the king of a vast domain
And be held in sin's dread sway.
I'd rather have Jesus than anything
This world affords today.

I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause,
I'd rather be faithful to His dear cause.
I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame,
I'd rather be true to His holy name.

He's fairer than lilies of rarest bloom,
He's sweeter than honey from out the comb.
He's all that my hungering spirit needs,
I'd rather have Jesus and let Him lead.

232 I WOULD BE TRUE

I would be true, for there are those who trust me;
I would be pure, for there are those who care;
I would be strong, for there is much to suffer;
I would be brave, for there is much to dare;
I would be brave, for there is much to dare.

I would be friend of all - the foe, the friendless;
I would be giving, and forget the gift;
I would be humble, for I know my weakness;
I would look up, and laugh, and love, and lift;
I would look up, and laugh, and love, and lift.

I would be prayerful through each busy moment;
I would be constantly in touch with God;
I would be tuned to hear His slightest whisper;
I would have faith to keep the path Christ trod;
I would have faith to keep the path Christ trod.

233 LOOKING UNTO JESUS

I'm looking unto Jesus; He's my Savior and my friend,
The Author and Creator; Beginning and the End.
Oh, my eyes are fixed upon Him, He who died to take my place.
My heart is bent to serve Him; His pattern I must trace.

Chorus:
I'm look-ing unto Jesus.
I'm feast-ing on His Word.
I'll turn not to left, the right, I will not face the rear.
When friend or foe forsake me, Lord, I will not shrink in fear.
I am looking to the King of kings.

I'm looking unto Jesus, He, who laid out ev'ry course.
He's run the race before us, of strength, the runner's source.
Oh, consider with attention He who took a servant's form;
Completed the requirement, to His Father's will conformed.

I'll run the race with patience, and endure what God deems best.
I'll lay aside the sinful weights that make me fail the test.
I will search the Holy Scriptures that can ev'ry problem solve.
I'll serve my God and Savior and that with great resolve!

234 ZACCHEUS

Now Zacchaeus was a very little man
And a very little man was he.
He climbed up to a sycamore tree
For the Saviour he wanted to see,
For the Saviour he wanted to see.
And when the Saviour passed that way
He looked in-to the tree
And said, "Now Zacchaeus, you come down.
I'm coming to your house for tea.
I'm coming to your house for tea."

235 LET OTHERS SEE JESUS IN YOU

While passing through this world of sin,
And others my life shall see,
Be pure and clean without, within,
Let others see Jesus in me.

Chorus:
Let others see Jesus in you,
Let others see Jesus in you;
Keep living for Jesus, be faithful and true,
Let others see Jesus in you.

Your life's a book more than God's Word,
They're reading it through and through;
Say, does it point them to the Lord,
Do others see Jesus in you?

What joy 'twill be at set of sun,
In mansions beyond the blue,
To find some souls that you have won;
'Cause others saw Jesus in you.

Then live for Christ both day and night,
Be faithful, be pure and true,
And lead the lost to Christ our light;
Let others see Jesus in you.

236 LET ME BURN OUT FOR THEE

O Lord, the world is lost in sin, And so few who seem to care,
Many of whom profess Thy name, No burden will help to bear.
We need a passion, Lord, for souls, To bring the lost unto Thee;
Our hearts must be stirred, till all have heard
At least once of Calvary.

Chorus:
Let me burn out for Thee, dear Lord,
Burn and wear out for Thee.
Don't let me rust, or my life be
A failure, my God, to Thee.
Use me and all I have, dear Lord,
And draw me so close to Thee
That I feel the throb of the great heart of God,
Till my life burns out for Thee.

How cold has been our giving, Lord;
How selfish our love has been,
Keeping from those who never heard
The gospel that saves from sin.

How often we have turned aside,
Neglecting to do our part,
Forgetting the shame of Calvary,
Forgetting Thy bleeding heart.

O Lord, with shame I humbly bow
In tears and a contrite heart.
Forgive me for the broken vows
And failure to do my part.

I heed Thy call and say, "Farewell,"
To all that would hinder me.
Thy grace and Thy love to lost ones tell
Till my life burns out for Thee.

237 KEEP ME TRUE

Keep me true, Lord Jesus, keep me true,
Keep me true, Lord Jesus, keep me true.
There's a race to be run,
There's a victory to be won,
Every hour, by Thy power, I'll be true.

Keep me strong, Lord Jesus, keep me strong,
Keep me strong, Lord Jesus, keep me strong.
There's a race to be run,
There's a victory to be won,
Every hour, by Thy power, I'll be strong.

238 JESUS, I MY CROSS HAVE TAKEN

Jesus, I my cross have taken,
All to leave and follow Thee;
Destitute, despised, forsaken -
Thou from hence my all shall be.
Perish every fond ambition -
All I've sought or hoped and known!
Yet how rich is my condition -
God and heav'n are still my own!

Let the world despise and leave me,
They have left my Saviour too;
Human hearts and looks deceive me -
Thou art not, like man, untrue.
And while Thou shalt smile upon me,
God of wisdom, love, and might,
Foes may hate, and friends may shun me -
Show Thy face, and all is bright!

Man may trouble and distress me,
'Twill but drive me to Thy breast;
Life with trials hard may press me -
Heav'n will bring me sweeter rest.
O 'tis not in grief to harm me
While Thy love is left to me;
O 'twere not in joy to charm me
Were that joy unmixed with Thee!

Haste thee on from grace to glory,
Armed by faith and winged by prayer;
Heav'n's eternal day's before thee -
God's own hand shall guide thee there.
Soon shall close thy earthly mission,
Swift shall pass thy pilgrim days;
Hope shall change to glad fruition,
Faith to sight, and prayer to praise!

239 LEAD ON, O KING ETERNAL

Lead on, O King eternal, the day of march has come;
Henceforth in fields of conquest thy tents shall be our home.
Through days of preparation thy grace has made us strong,
And now, O King eternal, we lift our battle song.

Lead on, O King eternal, till sin's fierce war shall cease,
And holiness shall whisper the sweet amen of peace;
For not with swords loud clashing nor roll of stirring drums,
With deeds of love and mercy the heav'nly kingdom comes.

Lead on, O King eternal, we follow, not with fears;
For gladness breaks like morning where'er Thy face appears;
Thy cross is lifted o'er us, we journey in its light:
The crown awaits the conquest; Lead on, O God of might.

240 JESUS, I COME

Out of my bondage, sorrow, and night,
Jesus, I come; Jesus, I come;
Into Thy freedom, gladness and light,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of my sickness into Thy health,
Out of my want and into Thy wealth,
Out of my sin and into Thyself,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of my shameful failure and loss,
Jesus, I come; Jesus, I come;
Into the glorious gain of Thy cross,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of earth's sorrows into Thy balm,
Out of life's storms and into Thy calm,
Out of distress to jubilant psalm,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of the fear and dread of the tomb,
Jesus, I come; Jesus, I come;
Into the joy and light of Thy home,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

Out of the depths of ruin untold,
Into the peace of Thy sheltering fold,
Ever Thy glorious face to behold,
Jesus, I come to Thee.

241 LEAD ME TO CALVARY

King of my life, I crown Thee now,
Thine shall the glory be;
Lest I forget Thy thorn-crowned brow,
Lead me to Calvary.

Chorus:
Lest I forget Gethsemane;
Lest I forget Thine agony;
Lest I forget Thy love for me,
Lead me to Calvary.

Show me the tomb where Thou wast laid,
Tenderly mourned and wept;
Angels in robes of light arrayed
Guarded Thee whilst Thou slept.

Let me like Mary, through the gloom,
Come with a gift to Thee;
Show to me now the empty tomb,
Lead me to Calvary.

May I be willing, Lord, to bear
Daily my cross for Thee;
Even Thy cup of grief to share -
Thou hast borne all for me.

242 KEEP YOUR HEART

Now on this mountain top
We have gleaned so many things.
We've been drawn closer to His heart,
A place that trial brings.
We have seen vict'ry over sin,
And witnessed answered prayer.
We have known Christ be our only strength,
Found His word a jewel rare.

Chorus:
Keep your heart, keep your heart,
Keep your heart with all diligence.
Keep it clean, keep it pure,
Make your love for Christ endure.
Guard your ears, guard your eyes,
Pressing onward to the prize.
Lest you fall, lest you fail,
Make your love for Christ prevail.

Now from this mountain top
To your valley here below,
You have all of the armory
To defeat that wicked foe.
The vict'ry is at your command,
Your prayers He'll answer still.
Be the guardian of your only heart,
Heed this Word, His perfect will.

243 O JESUS, I HAVE PROMISED

O Jesus, I have promised to serve Thee to the end;
Be Thou forever near me, my Master and my friend:
I shall not fear the battle if Thou art by my side,
Nor wander from the pathway if Thou wilt be my guide.

O let me feel Thee near me: the world is ever near;
I see the sights that dazzle, the tempting sounds I hear;
My foes are ever near me, around me and within;
But, Jesus, draw Thou nearer, and shield my soul from sin.

O let me hear Thee speaking in accents clear and still,
Above the storms of passion, the murmurs of self-will;
O speak to reassure me, to hasten or control;
O speak, and make me listen, Thou guardian of my soul.

O Jesus, Thou hast promised, to all who follow Thee,
That where Thou art in glory, there shall Thy servant be;
And, Jesus, I have promised to serve Thee to the end:
O give me grace to follow, my Master and my friend.

244 JESUS IS LORD OF ALL

Jesus is Saviour and Lord of my life,
My hope, my glory, my all;
Wonderful Master in joy and in strife,
On Him you too may call.

Chorus:
Jesus is Lord of all, Jesus is Lord of all,
Lord of my thoughts and my service each day,
Jesus is Lord of all.

Blessed Redeemer, all glorious King,
Worthy of reverence I pay;
Tribute and praises I joyfully bring
To Him, the Life, the Way.

Will you surrender your all to Him now?
Follow His will and obey,
Crown Him as Sov'reign, before His throne bow;
Give Him your heart today.

245 LIVING FOR JESUS

Living for Jesus a life that is true,
Striving to please Him in all that I do;
Yielding allegiance, glad-hearted and free,
This is the pathway of blessing for me.

Chorus:
O Jesus, Lord and Saviour, I give myself to Thee;
For Thou, in Thine atonement, didst give Thyself for me;
I own no other Master, my heart shall be Thy throne;
My life I give, henceforth to live, O Christ, for Thee alone.

Living for Jesus who died in my place,
Bearing on Calv'ry my sin and disgrace;
Such love constrains me to answer His call,
Follow His leading and give Him my all.

Living for Jesus wherever I am,
Doing each duty in His holy name;
Willing to suffer affliction and loss,
Taking each trial as part of my cross.

Living for Jesus through earth's little while,
My dearest treasure, the light of His smile;
Seeking the lost ones He died to redeem,
Bringing the weary to find rest in Him.

246 JESUS IS DEARER THAN ALL

Jesus is my loving Saviour,
He is so precious to me;
O, how I love and adore Him
For all His mercies so free;
When I was lost on the mountains
Barren and dark and cold,
He sought the sheep that was straying,
He brought me back to the fold.

Chorus:
Jesus, Jesus, dearer than all to me,
Jesus, Jesus, Thine, only Thine I'll be;
Where Thou dost lead I will follow,
Where'er the path may be;
Then when life's journey is ended,
Thy face in glory I'll see.

Jesus the sweet rose of Sharon,
Jesus the lily so fair;
Jesus my rock and salvation,
Jesus the bright morning star;
He is my portion forever,
My all in all is He!
With Him I cannot be lonely,
He fully satisfies me.

Jesus was born in a manger,
Wept in the garden alone;
Poured out His life's blood on Calv'ry,
Died for our sin to atone;
Rose from the grave more than conq'ror,
Went to His home on high;
Soon He is coming in glory,
Coming in clouds of the sky.

247 KEEP ME SHINING, LORD

Keep me shining, Lord, Keep me shining, Lord,
In all I say and do; That the world may see Christ lives in me,
And learn to love Him too.

248 O TO BE LIKE THEE

O to be like Thee! blessed Redeemer,
This is my constant longing and prayer;
Gladly I'll forfeit all of earth's treasures,
Jesus Thy perfect likeness to wear.

Chorus:
O to be like Thee! O be like Thee,
Blessed Redeemer, pure as Thou art!
Come in Thy sweetness, come in Thy fullness;
Stamp Thine own image deep on my heart.

O to be like Thee! full of compassion,
Loving, forgiving, tender and kind;
Helping the helpless, cheering the fainting,
Seeking the wandr'ing sinner to find.

O to be like Thee! lowly in spirit,
Holy and harmless, patient and brave;
Meekly enduring cruel reproaches,
Willing to suffer others to save.

O to be like Thee! Lord, I am coming,
Now to receive th' anointing divine;
All that I am and have I am bringing -
Lord, from this moment all shall be Thine.

O to be like Thee! while I am pleading,
Pour out Thy Spirit, fill with Thy love;
Make me a temple meet for Thy dwelling.
Fit me for life and heaven above.

249 O MASTER, LET ME WALK WITH THEE

O Master, let me walk with Thee
In lowly paths of service free;
Tell me Thy secret; help me bear
The strain of toil, the fret of care.

Help me the slow of heart to move
By some clear, winning word of love;
Teach me the wayward feet to stay,
And guide them in the homeward way.

Teach me Thy patience! still with Thee
In closer, dearer, company,
In work that keeps faith sweet and strong,
In trust that triumphs over wrong;

In hope that sends a shining ray
Far down the future's broad'ning way,
In peace that only Thou canst give,
With Thee, O Master, let me live.

250 O FOR A CLOSER WALK WITH GOD

O for a closer walk with God, a calm and heav'nly frame,
A light to shine upon the road that leads me to the Lamb!

Where is that blessedness I knew when first I saw the Lord?
Where is the soul-refreshing view of Jesus and His word?

What peaceful hours I once enjoyed! How sweet their memory still!
But they have left an aching void the world can never fill.

Return, O holy Dove! return, sweet messenger of rest!
I hate the sins that made thee mourn, and drove thee from my breast.

The dearest idol I have known, whate'er that idol be,
Help me to tear it from thy throne, and worship only thee.

So shall my walk be close with God, serene calm and my frame;
So purer light shall mark the road that leads me to the Lamb.

251 OUR BEST

Hear ye the Master's call, "Give Me thy best!"
For, be it great or small, that is His test.
Do then the best you can, not for reward,
Not for the praise of men, but for the Lord.

Chorus:
Every work for Jesus will be blest,
But He asks from everyone his best.
Our talents may be few, these may be small,
But unto Him is due our best, our all.

Wait not for men to laud, heed not their slight;
Winning the smile of God brings its delight!
Aiding the good and true ne'er goes unblest,
All that we think or do, be it the best.

Night soon comes on apace, day hastens by;
Workman and work must face testing on high.
Oh, may we in that day find rest, sweet rest,
Which God has promised those who do their best.

252 NEARER, STILL NEARER

Nearer, still nearer, close to Thy heart,
Draw me, my Saviour, so precious Thou art;
Fold me, O fold me close to Thy breast,
Shelter me safe in that "Haven of Rest,"
Shelter me safe in that "Haven of Rest."

Nearer, still nearer, nothing I bring,
Naught as an off'ring to Jesus, my King;
Only my sinful, now contrite heart;
Grant me the cleansing Thy blood doth impart,
Grant me the cleansing Thy blood doth impart.

Nearer, still nearer, Lord, to be Thine,
Sin, with its follies I gladly resign;
All of its pleasures, pomp and its pride;
Give me but Jesus, my Lord crucified,
Give me but Jesus, my Lord crucified.

253 MY LIFE IS YOURS TO CONTROL

With my whole heart I humbly seek You;
Now use my life, O Lord, I pray.
I yield my stubborn will completely;
May your commandments light my way.

Chorus:
My life, Lord, is yours to control; I give You my heart and my soul.
I'll seek Your will, never mine, Rich treasure to find.
Give wisdom to choices I make, Along ev'ry path that I take.
So when I complete life's race "Well done", You will say.

Your Word has promised me the vict'ry,
And all I need to do is claim
Your strength to soar with wings as eagles,
To walk, to run, and not to faint.

254 MORE LOVE TO THEE

More love to Thee, O Christ, more love to Thee!
Hear Thou the prayer I make on bended knee;
This is my earnest plea:

Chorus:
More love, O Christ, to Thee,
More love to Thee, more love to Thee!

Once earthly joy I craved, sought peace and rest;
Now Thee alone I seek, give what is best;
This all my prayer shall be:

Let sorrow do its work, send grief and pain;
Sweet are Thy messengers, sweet their refrain,
When they can sing with me:

Then shall my latest breath whisper Thy praise;
This be the parting cry my heart shall raise;
This still its prayer shall be:

255 MORE LIKE THE MASTER

More like the Master I would ever be,
More of His meekness, more humility;
More zeal to labor, more courage to be true,
More consecration for work He bids me do.

Chorus:
Take Thou my heart, I would be Thine alone;
Take Thou my heart, and make it all Thine own.
Purge me from sin, O Lord, I now implore,
Wash me and ke-ep me Thine forevermore.

More like the Master is my daily prayer,
More strength to carry crosses I must bear;
More earnest effort to bring His kingdom in,
More of His Spirit, the wanderer to win.

More like the Master I would live and grow,
More of His love to others I would show;
More self-denial, like His in Galilee,
More like the Master I long to ever be.

256 NOT MY WILL

When Jesus Christ my Saviour prepared for Calv'ry's hill,
He went into the garden and sought His Father's will.
I read about His anguish and feel His sorrow there;
I see Him humbly kneeling and listen to His prayer.

Chorus:
Not my will but Thine, Lord; lead me to Calvary.
Make my life a living sacrifice - Crucified for Thee.

My Lord became a servant, a man of lowly birth;
He laid aside His glory to dwell with sons of earth.
But now He is exalted, let every tongue proclaim -
And some day all shall praise Him, and magnify His name.

Lord Jesus, I surrender, my will shall be Thine own;
I lay aside ambition and bow before Thy throne.
I'll give myself for others as Thou didst die for me -
Lord, send me forth with power to live my life for Thee.

257 MORE ABOUT JESUS

More about Jesus would I know,
More of His grace to others show;
More of His saving fullness see,
More of His love who died for me.

Chorus:
More, more about Jesus,
More, more about Jesus;
More of His saving fullness see,
More of His love who died for me.

More about Jesus let me learn,
More of His holy will discern;
Spirit of God, my teacher be,
Showing the things of Christ to me.

More about Jesus in His Word,
Holding communion with my Lord,
Hearing His voice in every line,
Making each faithful saying mine.

More about Jesus on His throne,
Riches in glory all His own,
More of His kingdom's sure increase;
More of His coming, Prince of Peace.

258 MAY THE MIND OF CHRIST MY SAVIOUR

May the mind of Christ, my Savior, live in me from day to day,
By His love and pow'r controlling all I do and say.

May the Word of God dwell richly in my heart from hour to hour,
So that all may see I triumph only through His pow'r.

May the peace of God, my Father, rule my life in ev'rything,
That I may be calm to comfort sick and sorrowing.

May the love of Jesus fill me, as the waters fill the sea;
Him exalting, self abasing, this is victory.

May I run the race before me, strong and brave to face the foe,
Looking only unto Jesus as I onward go.

May His beauty rest upon me as I seek the lost to win,
And may they forget the channel, seeing only Him.

259 LORD, MAKE ME LIKE YOU

Lord, make me like you, Please make me like You.
You are a servant, Make me one too.
O Lord, I am willing, Do what You must do
To make me like You, Lord. Just make me like You.

260 MAY THE LORD FIND US FAITHFUL

God has not given us the spirit of fear,
But has given us the strength to obey.
With power and sound mind, with love, the unfailing kind,
O be not ashamed of His way.

Chorus:
May the Lord find us faithful.
May His Word be our banner held high.
May the Lord find us faithful
Ev'ry day, though we live, though we die.

No man that seeketh after things of this life
Is a soldier who passes the test.
Be faithful, be working, be running, be serving,
Be searching His Word for His best.

Living or dying, may honour be Thine,
From this wretched life, You loved and forgave.
A life that is on fire, be only our heart's desire.
Be faithful from now to the grave.

261 MAKE ME A STRANGER

Make me a stranger on earth, dear Saviour,
Make me a stranger more like Thee.
Help me keep my focus on heavenly treasures,
And not on earthly, may it be.

Chorus:
Lord, lead me onward as a pilgrim
Bound for heaven never to roam.
Make me a stranger on earth, dear Saviour,
Till I see my heavenly home.

Lord, I've found myself loving earthly treasures:
Simple pleasures taking your place.
Nothing can measure to heavenly treasures:
Hearing, "Well done," and seeing your face.

262 MUST JESUS BEAR THE CROSS ALONE?

Must Jesus bear the cross alone
And all the world go free?
No, there's a cross for ev'ryone,
And there's a cross for me.

The consecrated cross I'll bear
Till death shall set me free,
And then go home my crown to wear,
For there's a crown for me.

Upon the crystal pavement, down
At Jesus' pierced feet,
Joyful I'll cast my golden crown
And His dear name repeat.

O precious cross! O glorious crown!
O resurrection day!
Ye angels, from the stars come down
And bear my soul away.

263 JESUS, MY LORD, MY GOD,MY ALL

Jesus, my Lord, my God, my All,
Hear me, blest Saviour, when I call;
Hear me, and from Thy dwelling place
Pour down the riches of Thy grace;

Chorus:
Jesus, my Lord, I Thee adore,
O make me love Thee more and more.

Jesus, too late I Thee have sought,
How can I love Thee as I ought?
And how extol Thy matchless fame,
The glorious beauty of Thy name?

Jesus, what didst Thou find in me,
That Thou hast dealt so lovingly?
How great the joy that Thou hast brought
So far exceeding hope or thought!

Jesus, of Thee shall be my song,
To Thee my heart and soul belong;
All that I have or am is Thine,
And Thou, blest Saviour, Thou art mine.

264 LORD, HERE AM I

Master, Thou callest, I gladly obey;
Only direct me, and I'll find Thy way.
Teach me the mission appointed for me,
What is my labour, and where it shall be.

Chorus:
Master, Thou callest, and this I reply,
"Ready and willing, Lord, here am I."

Willing, my Saviour, to take up the cross;
Willing to suffer reproaches and loss.
Willing to follow, if Thou will but lead;
Only support me with grace in my need.

Living or dying, I still would be Thine;
Yet I am mortal while Thou art divine.
Pardon whenever I turn from the right;
Pity and bring me again to the light.

265 LORD, LET ME SERVE

People are longing to learn of the Saviour.
Children are growing, not knowing He cares.
Lord, let me tell them about Your compassion.
Lord, where can I be used?

Chorus:
Lord, let me serve; Lord, let me follow.
Give me a place and a purpose to fill.
Teach me to serve; Teach me to follow.
Use me to do Your will.

Lord, let me serve wherever You need me.
Make me a vessel through which You can flow.
Give me a mission, a place of fulfillment.
Lord, where can I be used?

Ready and willing to give You my talent.
Show me the task and I'll serve You today.
Give me a passion to work for Your glory.
Lord, where can I be used?

266 LORD, SPEAK TO ME

Lord, speak to me, that I may speak
In living echoes of thy tone;
As thou hast sought, so let me seek
Thy erring children lost and lone.

O lead me, Lord, that I may lead
The wand'ring and the wav'ring feet;
O feed me, Lord, that I may feed
Thy hung'ring ones with manna sweet.

O teach me, Lord, that I may teach
The precious things thou dost impart;
And wing my words that they may reach
The hidden depths of many a heart.

O fill me with Thy fullness, Lord,
Until my very heart o'erflow
In kindling thought and glowing word,
Thy love to tell, Thy praise to show.

O use me, Lord, use even me,
Just as thou wilt, and when, and where,
Until Thy blessed face I see,
Thy rest, Thy joy, Thy glory share.

267 LORD, SEND ME ANYWHERE

O Lord, since Thou hast died
To give Thyself for me,
No sacrifice could be too great
For me to make for Thee.

Chorus:
Lord, send me anywhere, only go with me;
Lay any burden on me, only sustain me.
Sever any tie, save the tie that binds me to Thy heart -
Lord Jesus, my King, I consecrate my life, Lord to Thee.

I only have one life,
And that will soon be past;
I want my life to count for Christ,
What's done for Him will last.

I follow Thee, My Lord,
And glory in Thy cross;
I gladly leave the world behind
And count all gain as loss.

268 MY JESUS, I LOVE THEE

My Jesus, I love Thee, I know Thou art mine;
For Thee all the follies of sin I resign;
My gracious Redeemer, my Saviour art Thou;
If e-ver I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I love Thee because Thou hast first loved me,
And purchased my pardon on Calvary's tree;
I love Thee for wearing the thorns on Thy brow;
If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now.

I'll love Thee in life, I will love Thee in death,
And praise Thee as long as Thou lendest me breath;
And say, when the deathdew lies cold on my brow:
"If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now."

In mansions of glory and endless delight,
I'll ever adore Thee in heaven so bright;
I'll sing with the glittering crown on my brow:
"If ever I loved Thee, my Jesus, 'tis now."

269 MY HEART LONGS FOR YOU MY SAVIOUR

My heart longs for You, my Saviour,
I would follow You, my Lord,
Your kindness and love are vast as the skies,
Your faithfulness never dies.
My God and my King. your great name I sing
My offering of praise I bring.

Chorus:
Jesus, O Jesus, I give You my life;
Jesus, O Jesus, I give You my life.

My soul contemplates Your glory
I worship in holy awe,
In quietness and in confident trust
I rest in all that You are.
I'll sing to the world your glory and grace
Until I behold Your face.

270 MY JESUS, AS THOU WILT!

My Jesus, as Thou wilt! Oh, may Thy will be mine!
Into Thy hand of love I would my all resign;
Through sorrow, or through joy, conduct me as Thine own,
And help me still to say, My Lord, Thy will be done.

My Jesus, as Thou wilt! If needy here and poor,
Give me Thy people's bread, their portion rich and sure;
The manna of Thy word Let my soul feed upon;
And if all else should fail, My Lord, Thy will be done.

My Jesus, as Thou wilt! Though seen through many a tear,
Let not my star of hope grow dim or disappear;
Since Thou on earth hast wept, and sorrowed oft alone,
If I must weep with Thee, My Lord, Thy will be done.

My Jesus, as Thou wilt! All shall be well for me;
Each changing future scene I gladly trust with Thee.
Straight to my home above I travel calmly on,
And sing, in life or death, My Lord, Thy will be done.

271 LEAD ME, SAVIOUR

Saviour, lead me, lest I stray,
Gently lead me all the way;
I am safe when by Thy side,
I would in Thy love abide.

Chorus:
Lead me, lead me,
Saviour, lead me, lest I stray;
Gently down the stream of time,
Lead me, Saviour, all the way.

Thou, the refuge of my soul,
When life's stormy billows roll;
I am safe when Thou art nigh,
All my hopes on Thee rely.

Saviour, lead me then at last,
When the storm of life is past,
To the land of endless day,
Where all tears are wiped away.

272 A PURPLE ROBE

A purple robe, a crown of thorns,
A reed in His right hand;
Before the soldiers' spite and scorn
I see my Saviour stand.
He bears between the Romans guards
The weight of all our woe;
A stumbling figure bowed and scarred
I see my Saviour go,
Fast to the cross' spreading span,
High in the sunlit air,
All the unnumbered sins of man
I see my Saviour bear.

He hangs, by whom the world was made,
Beneath the darkened sky;
The everlasting ransom paid,
I see my Saviour die.
He shares on high His Father's throne,
Who once in mercy came;
For all His love to sinners shown,
I sing my Saviour's name.

273 ACCORDING TO THY GRACIOUS WORD

According to Thy gracious word,
In meek humility,
This will I do, my dying Lord:
I will remember Thee.

Thy body, broken for my sake,
My bread from heav'n shall be;
Thy testamental cup I take,
And thus remember Thee.

Gethsemane can I forget?
Or there Thy conflict see,
Thine agony, and bloody sweat,
And not remember Thee?

When to the cross I turn mine eyes,
And rest on Calvary,
O Lamb of God, my sacrifice,
I must remember Thee -

Remember Thee and all Thy pains
And all Thy love to me;
Yea, while a breath, a pulse remains,
Will I remember Thee.

And when these failing lips grow dumb
And mind and mem'ry flee,
When Thou shalt in Thy kingdom come,
Jesus, remember me!

274 ALAS! AND DID MY SAVIOUR BLEED

Alas! And did my Saviour bleed
And did my Sov'reign die?
Would He devote that sacred Head
For such a worm as I?

Chorus:
At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light,
And the burden of my heart rolled away -
It was there by faith I received my sight,
And now I am happy all the day!

Was it for crimes that I have done,
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity! Grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide,
And shut His glories in,
When Christ, the might Maker, died
For man, the creature's sin.

But drops of grief can ne'er repay
The debt of love I owe:
Here, Lord, I give myself away -
'Tis all that I can do!

275 ALONE

It was alone the Saviour prayed
In dark Gethsemane;
Alone He drained the bitter cup
And suffered there for me.

Chorus:
Alone, alone, He bore it all alone;
He gave Himself to save His own,
He suffered, bled and died alone, alone.

It was alone the Saviour stood
In Pilate's judgment hall;
Alone the crown of thorns He wore,
Forsaken thus by all.

Alone upon the cross He hung
That others He might save;
Forsaken then by God and man,
Alone, His life He gave.

276 AT CALVARY

Years I spent in vanity and pride,
Caring not my Lord was crucified
Knowing not it was for me He died
On Cal-va-ry

Chorus:
Mercy there was great, and grace was free,
Pardon there was multiplied to me,
There my burdened soul found liberty -
At Cal-va-ry.

By God's Word at last my sin I learned -
Then I trembled at the law I'd spurned,
Till my guilty soul imploring turned
To Calvary.

Now I've giv'n to Jesus everything,
Now I gladly own Him as my King,
Now my raptured soul can only sing,
Of Calvary.

O the love that drew salvation's plan!
O the grace that brought it down to man!
O the mighty gulf that God did span
At Calvary.

277 AT THE CROSS

I'm not ashamed to own my Lord,
Or to defend my cause,
Maintain the honour of His Word,
The glory of His cross.

Chorus:
At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light,
And the burden of my heart rolled away -
It was there by faith I received my sight,
And now I am happy all the day!

Jesus, my God! I know His name -
His name is all my trust;
Now will He put my soul to shame,
Nor let my hope be lost.

Firm as His throne His promise stands,
And He can well secure
What I've committed to His hands,
Till the decisive hour.

Then will He set my worthless name
Before His Father's face;
And, in the new Jerusalem,
Appoint my soul a place.

278 BENEATH THE CROSS OF JESUS

Beneath the cross of Jesus
I fain would take my stand,
The shadow of a mighty rock
Within a weary land;
A home within the wilderness,
A rest upon the way,
From the burning of the noontide heat,
And the burden of the day.

Upon the cross of Jesus,
Mine eye at times can see
The very dying form of One
Who suffered there for me.
And from my smitten heart with tears,
These wonders I confess, -
The wonder of His glorious love,
And my own worthlessness.

I take, O cross, thy shadow
For my abiding place;
I ask no other sunshine than
The sunshine of His face;
Content to let the world go by,
To know no gain or loss,
My sinful self my only shame,
My glory all the cross.

279 CALVARY COVERS IT ALL

Far dearer than all that the world can impart
Was the message that came to my heart;
How that Jesus alone for my sin did atone,
And Calvary covers it all.

Chorus:
Calvary covers it all, My past with its sin and stain;
My guilt and despair Jesus took on Him there,
And Calvary covers it all.

The stripes that He bore and the thorns that He wore
Told His mercy and love evermore;
And my heart bowed in shame as I called on His name,
And Calvary covers it all.

How matchless the grace, when I looked on the face
Of this Jesus, my crucified Lord;
My redemption complete I then found at His feet,
And Calvary covers it all.

How blessed the thought that my soul by Him bought,
Shall be His in the glory on high;
Where with gladness and song I'll be one of the throng,
And Calvary covers it all.

280 WHEN I SURVEY THE WONDROUS CROSS

When I survey the wondrous cross,
On which the Prince of glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast
Save in the death of Christ my God:
All the vain things that charm me most,
I sacrifice them to His blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were an off'ring far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my soul, my life, my all.

281 THERE IS A FOUNTAIN

There is a fountain filled with blood
Drawn from Emmanuel's veins;
And sinners, plunged beneath that flood,
Lose all their guilty stains.
Lose all their guilty stains,
Lose all their guilty stains;
And sinners, plunged beneath that flood,
Lose all their guilty stains.

The dying thief rejoiced to see
That fountain in his day;
And there have I, though vile as he,
Wash all my sins away.
Wash all my sins away,
Wash all my sins away;
And there have I, though vile as he,
Wash all my sins away.

Dear dying Lamb, Thy precious blood
Shall never lose its pow'r,
Till all the ransomed church of God
Be saved to sin no more.
Be saved to sin no more,
Be saved to sin no more;
Till all the ransomed church of God
Be saved to sin no more.

E'er since by faith I saw the stream
Thy flowing wounds supply,
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.
And shall be till I die,
And shall be till I die;
Redeeming love has been my theme,
And shall be till I die.

When this poor, lisping, stamm'ring tongue
Lies silent in the grave,
Then in a nobler, sweeter song,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save;
Then in a nobler, sweeter song,
I'll sing Thy pow'r to save.

282 ALL BECAUSE OF CALVARY

All my sins are gone, all because of Calvary;
Life is filled with song, all because of Calvary;
Christ my Saviour lives, lives from sin to set me free;
Some day He's coming, O wondrous blessed day,
All, yes, all because of Calvary.

283 THE OLD RUGGED CROSS

On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross,
The emblem of suff'ring and shame;
And I love that old cross where the dearest and best
For a world of lost sinners was slain.

Chorus:
So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it someday for a crown.

O that old rugged cross, so despised by the world,
Has a wondrous attraction for me;
For the dear Lamb of God left His glory above
To bear it to dark Calvary.

In that old rugged cross, stained with blood so divine,
A wonderful beauty I see;
For 'twas on that old cross Jesus suffered and died
To pardon and sanctify me.

To the old rugged cross I will ever be true,
Its shame and reproach gladly bear;
Then He'll call me some day to my home far away,
Where His glory forever I'll share.

284 THERE IS A GREEN HILL FAR AWAY

There is a green hill far away,
Without a city wall,
Where the dear Lord was crucified,
Who died to save us all.

Chorus:
O dearly, dearly has He loved!
And we must love Him too,
And trust in His redeeming blood,
And try His works to do.

We may not know, we cannot tell
What pains He had to bear;
But we believe it was for us
He hung and suffered there.

He died that we might be forgiv'n,
He died to make us good,
That we might go at last to heav'n,
Saved by His precious blood.

There was no other good enough
To pay the price of sin;
He only could unlock the gate
Of heav'n and let us in.

285 NAILED TO THE CROSS

There was One who was willing to die in my stead,
That a soul so unworthy might live;
And the path to the cross He was willing to tread,
All the sins of my life to forgive.

Chorus:
They are nailed to the cross, they are nailed to the cross,
O how much He was willing to bear!
With what anguish and loss Jesus went to the cross!
But He carried my sins with Him there.

He is tender and loving and patient with me,
While He cleanses my heart of the dross;
But "there's no condemnation" - I know I am free,
For my sins are all nailed to the cross.

I will cling to my Saviour and never depart -
I will joyfully journey each day.
With a song on my lips and a song in my heart,
That my sins have been taken away.

286 JESUS PAID IT ALL

I hear the Saviour say,
"Thy strength indeed is small;
Child of weakness, watch and pray,
Find in Me thine all in all."

Chorus:
Jesus paid it all,
All to Him I owe;
Sin had left a crimson stain,
He washed it white as snow.

Lord, now indeed I find
Thy pow'r, and Thine alone,
Can change the leper's spots,
And melt the heart of stone.

For nothing good have I
Whereby Thy grace to claim;
I'll wash my garments white
In the blood of Calvary's Lamb.

And when, before the throne,
I stand in Him complete,
"Jesus died my soul to save,"
My lips shall still repeat.

287 IT IS A THING MOST WONDERFUL

It is a thing most wonderful,
Almost too wonderful to be,
That God's own Son should come from heav'n
And die to save a child like me.

And yet I know that it is true:
He came to this poor world below,
And wept and toiled and mourned and died,
Only because He loved us so.

I cannot tell how He could love
A child so weak and full of sin;
His love must be most wonderful,
If He could die my love to win.

I sometimes think about His cross,
And shut my eyes, and try to see
The cruel nails, and crown of thorns,
And Jesus crucified for me.

But even could I see Him die,
I could but see a little part
Of that great love which, like a fire,
Is always burning in His heart.

It is most wonderful to know
His love for me so free and sure;
But 'tis more wonderful to see
My love for Him so faint and poor.

And yet I want to love Thee, Lord:
O light the flame within my heart,
And I will love Thee more and more
Until I see Thee as Thou art!

288 LORD, CRUCIFIED

Lord, crucified, give me a heart like Thine;
Teach me to love the dying souls of men;
Oh, keep my heart in closest touch with Thee,
And give me love, pure Calv'ry's love;
To bring the lost to Thee.

289 NEAR THE CROSS

Jesus, keep me near the cross,
There a precious fountain
Free to all, a healing stream
Flows from Calvary's mountain.

Chorus:
In the cross, in the cross,
Be my vision glorious;
All my sins are washed away,
In the blood of Je-sus.

Near the cross, a trembling soul,
Love and mercy found me;
There the bright and morning Star
Sheds its beams around me.

Near the cross! O Lamb of God,
Bring its scenes before me;
Help me walk from day to day,
With its shadows o'er me.

Near the cross I'll watch and wait
Hoping, trusting, ever,
Till I reach the golden strand,
Just beyond the river.

290 I GAVE MY LIFE FOR THEE

I gave My life for thee,
My precious blood I shed,
That thou might'st ransomed be,
And quickened from the dead;
I gave, I gave My life for thee,
What hast thou giv'n for Me?

My Father's house of light,
My glory-circled throne
I left for earthly night,
For wand'rings sad and lone;
I left, I left it all for thee,
Hast thou left aught for Me?

I suffered much for thee,
More than thy tongue can tell,
Of bitterest agony,
To rescue thee from hell;
I've borne, I've borne it all for thee,
What hast thou borne for Me?

And I have brought to thee,
Down from My home above,
Salvation full and free,
My pardon and My love;
I bring, I bring rich gifts to thee,
What hast thou brought to Me?

291 IT WAS LOVE

Why did Jesus give up heaven's glory
For this world of sin and misery?
Why did Jesus suffer in the garden,
Drain the bitter cup of agony?
Why did Jesus stand in Pilate's judgement hall,
Wear that cruel crown of thorns so patiently?
Why did Jesus give His life to save me?
It was love, God's wondrous love for me.

Why does Jesus lift me when I stumble,
Take my hand whene'er I go astray?
Give me strength I need for each tomorrow,
Grace to face the trials of the day?
Why does Jesus share the load I cannot bear,
Fill my soul with peace and joy beyond degree?
And why does He watch o'er me and keep me?
It was love, God's wondrous love for me.

292 HALLELUJAH! WHAT A SAVIOUR

Man of Sorrows! what a name
For the Son of God, who came
Ruined sinners to reclaim!
Hallelujah! What a Saviour!

Bearing shame and scoffing rude,
In my place condemned He stood;
Sealed my pardon with His blood:
Hallelujah! What a Saviour!

Guilty, vile and helpless, we;
Spotless Lamb of God was He:
Full atonement! - can it be?
Hallelujah! What a Saviour!

Lifted up was He to die;
"It is finished!" was His cry;
Now in heav'n exalted high:
Hallelujah! What a Saviour!

When He comes, our glorious King,
All His ransomed home to bring,
Then anew this song we'll sing:
Hallelujah! What a Saviour!

293 BE AN EXAMPLE

Many now are watching the footsteps that we take;
Many soon will follow in the choices that we make.
So let us then be faithful to be what we should be,
And leave a good example that they can clearly see.

Chorus:
Be an example of the believers, in word and in conduct;
Be steadfast in love, in faith in purity of life.
For those behind us, let us stand within the gap and
make a diff'rence in their lives;
Be an example to follow Christ.

Let us then be watching the weary, day by day,
Looking to encourage and to lead in the way;
To run the race with patience; On Jesus fix our eyes,
And challenge them with excellence, that they might win the prize.

294 A HEART LIKE THINE

I want, dear Lord, a heart that's true and clean;
A sunlit heart, with not a cloud between.
A heart like Thine, a heart divine,
A heart that's white as snow;
On me, dear Lord, a heart like this bestow.

I want, dear Lord, a love that feels for all;
A deep strong love that answers ev'ry call.
A love like Thine, a love divine,
A love for high and low;
On me, dear Lord, a love like this bestow.

I want, dear Lord, a soul on fire for Thee;
A soul baptized with heav'nly energy.
A willing mind, a ready hand
To do whate'er I know,
To spread Thy light wherever I may go.

I want, dear Lord, a faith that looks to Thee;
To cheer the way when naught but clouds I see,
A faith sublime, a faith divine,
A faith that will not fail,
To trust in Thee and over sin prevail.

I want, dear Lord, a hope that's steadfast and sure;
A hope that holds to things that will endure;
A hope in heav'n, a hope in Thee,
A hope that's bright and clear,
Dispeling doubt and conqu'ring ev'ry fear.

295 A PASSION FOR THEE

Set my heart, O dear Father, on Thee, and Thee only,
Give me a thirst for Thy presence divine.
Lord, keep my focus on loving Thee wholly,
Purge me from earth; turn my heart after Thine.

Chorus:
A passion for Thee;
O Lord, set a fire in my soul, and a thirst for my God.
Hear Thou my prayer, Lord, Thy power impart.
Not just to serve, but to love Thee with all of my heart.

Father, fill with Thy Spirit, and fit me for service,
Let love for Christ ev'ry motive inspire;
Teach me to follow in selfless submission,
Be Thou my joy and my soul's one desire.

296 A LIVING SACRIFICE

I beseech you, my friend,
By the mercies of God,
That ye present your bodies a li - ving sacrifice,
Acceptable and holy to God,
This is our prayer.

297 A SIMPLE OFFERING

Help me give you anything, ev'rything,
Holding nothing back from You.
Help me go anywhere, everywhere,
You have work for me to do.
Please take my one small life, my little sacrifice,
For in Your hands I can be multiplied.
With all myself aside, Lord, here am I.

298 A TENDER HEART

Take me now, Lord Jesus, take me;
I would give my heart to Thee.
Thy devoted servant make me,
Only Thine to be.

Chorus:
Savior, while my heart is tender,
I would give Thee every part.
All my talents I su-rren-der;
I am Thine, Lord, here's my heart.

Use me now, Lord Jesus, use me,
As I tell of Calvary.
May Thy Spirit move within me,
Bringing souls to Thee.

Send me now, Lord Jesus, send me,
Lead me in Thy perfect way.
Thy command shall always guide me;
Gladly I obey.

299 AFTER THINE HEART

After Thine own heart, Lord,
After Thine heart,
Make me a man, O Lord,
After Thine heart.
Waiting upon Thee, still
Willing, my heart to fill.
Wanting to do Thy will
After Thine heart.

After Thine own heart, Lord
After Thine heart,
My life for Thee, O Lord
Be set apart.
For Thine own use refine
All of my shemes resign.
Not my own will but Thine
After Thine heart.

After Thine own heart, Lord
After Thine heart.
Not for my gain, O Lord
Nor for reward.
Only Thy Name, uphold
Only Thy praise be told
Let all my heart be sold
After Thine heart.

300 AM I A SOLDIER OF THE CROSS

Am I a soldier of the cross,
A follower of the Lamb,
And shall I fear to own His cause,
Or blush to speak His name?

Must I be carried to the skies
On flow'ry beds of ease,
While others fought to win the prize,
And sailed through bloody seas?

Are there no foes for me to face?
Must I not stern the flood?
Is this vile world a friend to grace,
To help me on to God?

Sure I must fight, if I would reign;
Increase my courage, Lord;
I'll bear the toil, endure the pain,
Supported by Thy Word.

301 BE THOU MY VISION

Be Thou my vision, O Lord of my heart -
Naught be all else to me, save that Thou art;
Thou my best thought, by day or by night -
Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light.

Be Thou my wisdom and Thou my true Word -
I ever with Thee and Thou with me Lord;
Thou my great Father, I Thy true son -
Thou in me dwelling, and I with Thee one.

Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise -
Thou my inheritance, now and always;
Thou and Thou only, first in my heart -
High King of heaven, my treasure Thou art.

High King of heaven, my victory won,
May I reach heaven's joys, O bright heav'n's Sun!
Heart of my own heart, whatever befall,
Still be my vision, O Ruler of all.

302 CHANNELS ONLY

How I praise Thee, precious Saviour,
That Thy love laid hold of me;
Thou hast saved and cleansed and filled me,
That I might Thy channel be.

Chorus:
Channels only, blessed Master -
But with all Thy wondrous pow'r
Flowing through us, Thou canst use us
Every day and every hour.

Just a channel, full of blessing,
To the thirsty hearts around;
To tell out Thy full salvation,
All Thy loving message sound.

Emptied that Thou shouldest fill me,
A clean vessel in Thy hand,
With no pow'r but as Thou givest
Graciously with each command.

Witnessing Thy pow'r to save me,
Setting free frin self and sin
Thou who boughtest to possess me,
In Thy fullness, Lord, come in.

Jesus, fill now with Thy Spirit
Hearts that full surrender know,
That the streams of living water
From our inner man may flow

303 BORN TO SERVE THE LORD

From the dust of the earth, God created man,
His breath made man a living soul;
And God so loved the world,
He gave His only Son
And that is why I love Him so.

Chorus:
Made in His likeness, created in His image,
I was born to serve the Lord.
I can't deny Him, I'll always walk beside Him,
I was born to love the Lord.

My hands were made to help my neighbours,
My eyes were made to read God's Word,
My feet were made to walk in His footsteps,
My body is the temple of the Lord.

304 ALL OF ME

All of me, Not a part but all of me
All the heart and soul of me
Jesus, I surrender.
I believe, Lord, help my unbelief
On the altar now I lay
All I am today.

So use me, Lord, use me anywhere at all
Though my place may be great or small
Let me fill it gladly.
Take my life, be it poor or be it grand
Let me live it by Your plan.
Shape it with Your hand.

As I am, I come to Thee without one plea
Only that Thy saving blood
was shed for me
All of me, through the ages yet to be
I surrender Lord to Thee
I surrender all of me.

305 DAY BY DAY

Day by day and with each passing moment,
Strength I find to meet my trials here;
Trusting in my Father's wise bestowment,
I've no cause for worry or for fear.
He whose heart is kind beyond all measure,
Gives unto each day what he deems best -
Lovingly, its part of pain and pleasure,
Mingling toil with peace and rest.

Every day the Lord Himself is near me,
With a special mercy for each hour;
All my cares He fain would bear, and cheer me,
He whose name is Counsellor and Pow'r.
The protection of his child and treasure,
Is a charge that on Himself He laid;
"As the days, thy strength shall be in measure,"
This the pledge to me He made.

Help me then in every tribulation,
So to trust Thy promises, O Lord,
That I lose not faith's sweet consolation,
Offered me within Thy holy Word.
Help me, Lord, when toil and trouble meeting,
E'er to take, as from a father's hand,
One by one, the days, the moment fleeting,
Till I reach the promised land.

306 DAY BY DAY - A PRAYER

Day by day, day by day,
O, dear Lord, three things I pray:
To see Thee more clearly,
Love Thee more dearly,
Follow Thee more faithfully,
Day by day.

307 EVERY DAY WITH JESUS

Every day with Jesus
Is sweeter than the day before;
Every day with Jesus,
I love Him more and more;
Jesus saves and keeps me,
And He's the One I'm living for:
Every day with Jesus
Is sweeter than the day before;

308 DEEPER, DEEPER

Deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus
Daily let me go;
Higher, higher in the school of wisdom,
More of grace to know.

Chorus:
O dee - per yet, I pray,
And higher every day,
And wi - ser, blessed Lord,
In Thy precious, holy Word.

Deeper, deeper! Blessed Holy Spirit,
Take me deeper still,
Till my life is wholly lost in Jesus,
And His perfect will.

Deeper, deeper! Though it cost hard trials,
Deeper let me go!
Rooted in the holy love of Jesus,
Let me fruitful grow.

Deeper, higher, every day in Jesus,
Till all conflict past,
Finds me conqu'ror, and in His own image
Perfected at last.

309 EVERY MOMENT OF EVERY DAY

Only to be what He wants me to be,
Every moment of every day;
Yielded completely to Je-sus alone,
Every step of this pilgrim way:

Chorus:
Just to be clay in the Po-tter's hands,
Ready to do what His Word commands;
Only to be what He wants me to be,
Every moment of every day.

Trusting my Saviour whatever betide,
Every moment of every day;
Knowing He's able and ready to guide,
Every step of this pilgrim way:

Living for Jesus, surrendered and true,
Every moment of every day;
Walking with only His pleasure in view,
Every step of this pilgrim way.

310 FATHER, LEAD ME

Father, lead me day by day,
Ever in Thy loving way.
May my life be pure and true,
Show me what I ought to do.

When I'm tempted to do wrong,
Make me steadfast, wise and strong;
And when all alone I stand,
Shield me with Thy mighty hand.

As I travel on life's sea,
Help me to remember Thee,
Happy most of all to know
That my Father loves me so.

May I do the good I know,
Be Thy loving child below,
Then at last go home to Thee,
Evermore Thy child to be.

311 FILL MY CUP, LORD

Like the woman at the well I was seeking
For things that could not satisfy;
And then I heard my Saviour speaking:
"Draw from My well that never shall run dry"

Chorus:
Fill my cup, Lord,
I lift it up, Lord !
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul;
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more -
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole!

There are millions in the world who are craving
The pleasure earthly things afford;
But none can match the wondrous treasure
That I find in Jesus Christ, my Lord.

So, my brother, if the things this world would gave you
Leave hungers that won't pass away,
My blessed Lord will come and save you,
If you kneel to Him and humbly pray.

312 FOLLOW, I WILL FOLLOW THEE

Jesus calls me - I must follow,
Follow Him today;
When His tender voice is pleading
How can I delay?

Chorus:
Follow, I will follow Thee, my Lord,
Follow ev'ry passing day ( I will follow ev'ry day);
My tomorrows are all known to Thee,
Thou wilt lead me all the way (all the way).

Jesus calls me - I must follow,
Follow ev'ry hour,
Know the blessing of His presence
Fullness of His pow'r.

Jesus calls me - I must follow,
Follow Him alway;
When my Saviour goes before me
I can never stray.

313 FOR YOU I WILL LIVE

Why have You chosen me
Out of millions Your child to be ?
You know all the wrong I have done.
O how could You pardon me,
Forgive my i-ni-quity,
To save me, give Jesus Your Son? Oh,...

Chorus:
Lord, help me be what You want me to be,
Your Word I will strive to obey;
My life I now give,
For You I will live,
And walk by Your side all the way.

I am amazed to know
That a God so great could love me so,
Is willing and wanting to bless;
His grace is so wonderful,
His mercy is so bountiful,
I can't understand, I confess. But...

In this world of darkness,
Many lives are filled with emptiness,
They too need to know of Your love.
O Lord, help me point to them
The Truth, the Life, the Way,
And to light each path I tread from day to day. Oh,...

314 FILL MY EYES

Fill my eyes, O my God
With a vision of the cross,
Fill my heart with love for Je-sus the Nazarene,
Fill my mouth with Thy praise,
Let me sing through endless days,
Take my will, let my life be wholly Thine.

315 GIVE OF YOUR BEST TO THE MASTER

Give of your best to the Master;
Give of the strength of your youth;
Throw your soul's fresh, glowing ardour
Into the battle for truth.
Jesus has set the example;
Dauntless was He, young and brave;
Give Him your lo-yal de-vo-tion,
Give Him the best that you have.

Chorus:
Give of your best to the Master;
Give of the strength of your youth;
Clad in salvation's full armour,
Join in the battle for truth.

Give of your best to the Master;
Give Him first place in your heart;
Give Him first place in your service,
Consecrate every part.
Give, and to you shall be given;
God His beloved Son gave;
Gratefully seeking to serve Him,
Give Him the best that you have.

Give of your best to the Master;
Naught else is worthy His love;
He gave Himself for your ransom,
Gave up His glory above:
Laid down His life without murmur,
You from sin's ruin to save;
Give Him your heart's adoration,
Give of your best that you have.

316 FOR ME TO LIVE IS CHRIST

For me to live is Christ, to die is gain,
To hold His hand and walk His narrow way;
There is no peace, no joy, no thrill
Like walking in His will.
For me to live is Christ, to die is gain.

Now once my heart was full of sin and shame,
Till someone told me Jesus came to save;
When He said, "Come unto Me,"
He set my poor heart free,
For me to live is Christ, to die is gain.

Now there are things that I still do not know,
But of this one thing I'm completely sure;
He who called me on that day
Washed all my sins away.
For me to live is Christ, to die is gain.

317 GOD MADE A PROMISE

God made a promise,
And He proved it true,
He gave Jesus Christ His Son,
To die for me and you.
He gave us peace and joy,
Life eternal too,
And with His hand He guides
Us all the journey through.

Chorus:
So, why shouldn't we live for Jesus alone ?
And why shouldn't our lives just be His own ?
And so, why shouldn't we live
Every day and each moment,
With our Saviour, our Lord upon the throne ?

Christ trudged this weary earth,
Not a complaint He made,
We're always in His thoughts,
True to the cross He stayed.
Are your aware, my friend,
We've been bought with a price,
Each stripe on my Saviour's back,
There's where our healing lies.

318 WHERE HE LEADS I'LL FOLLOW

Sweet are the promises, kind is the word,
Dearer far than any message man ever heard;
Pure was the mind of Christ, sinless I see,
He the great example is, and pattern for me.

Chorus:
Where He leads I'll follow, follow all the way;
Where He leads I'll follow, follow Jesus ev'ry day.

Sweet is the tender love Jesus has shown,
Sweeter far than any love that mortals have known;
Kind to the erring one, faithful is He,
He the Great example is, and pattern for me.

List to His loving words ,"Come unto me!"
Weary, heavy laden, there is sweet rest for thee;
Trust in His promises, faithful and sure,
Lean up on the Saviour and thy soul is secure.

319 GO LABOUR ON

Go labour on, spend, and be spent,
Thy joy to do the Father's will;
It is the way the Master went;
Should not the servant tread it still?

Go, labour on; tis not for naught;
Thy earthly loss is heavenly gain;
Men heed thee, love thee, praise thee not;
The Master praises what are men?

Go, labour on; your hands are weak,
Your knees are faint, your soul cast down;
Tet falter not; the prize you seek;
Is near a kingdom and a crown.

Go, labour on while it is day:
The world's dark night is hastening on;
Speed, speed thy work, cast sloth away;
It is not thus that souls are won.

Toil on, faint not, keep watch and pray;
Be wise the erring soul to win;
Go forth into the world's highway,
Compel the wanderer to come in.

Toil on, and in thy toil rejoice;
For toil comes rest, for exile home;
Soon shalt thou hear the Bridegroom's voice,
The midnight cry, "Behold, I come!"

320 THE MASTER HATH COME

The Master hath come, and he calls us to follow
The track of the footprints He leaves on our way;
Far over the mountain and thro' the deep hollow,
The path leads us on to the mansions of day:
The Master hath called us, the children who fear Him,
Who march 'neath Christ's banner, His own little band;
We love Him and seek Him, we long to be near Him,
And rest in the light of his beautiful land.

The Master hath called us; the road may be dreary,
And dangers and sorrows are strewn on the track;
But God's Holy Spirit shall comfort the weary;
We follow the Saviour and cannot turn back;
The Master hath called us: tho' doubt and temptation
May compass our journey, we cheerfully sing:
"Press onward, look upward," thro' much tribulation;
The children of Zion must follow their King.

The Master hath called us, in life's early morning,
With spirits as fresh as the dew on the sod:
We turn from the world, with it smiles and its scorning,
To cast in our lot with the people of God:
The Master hath called us, His sons and his daughters,
We plead for His blessing and trust in his love;
And thro' the green pastures, beside the still waters,
He'll lead us at last to His kingdom above.

321 FISHERS OF MEN

I will make you fishers of men,
Fishers of men, fishers of men;
I will make you fishers of men, If you follow me.
If you follow me, if you follow me;
I will make you fishers of men If you follow me.

Hear Christ calling, Come unto me,
Come unto me, come unto me;
Hear Christ calling, Come unto me,
I will give you rest.
I will give you rest, I will give you rest;
Hear Christ calling, Come unto me,
I will give you rest.

322 STEP BY STEP

Step by step, step by step, I would walk with Jesus.
All the day, all the way, Keeping step with Jesus.
At His side, I'll abide,He will safely lead me;
Carefully, prayerfully, I will walk with Jesus.

323 FOLLOW ME

I travel down the lonely road and no one seems to care,
The burden on my weary back has bound me to despair,
I oft complain to Jesus how folks are treating me,
And then I hear Him say so tenderly:
"My feet were also weary upon the Calvary road,
My cross became so heavy I fell beneath the load.
Be faithful, weary Christian, the morning I can see.
Just lift your cross and follow close to Me."

"I worked so hard for Jesus," I often boast and say,
"I've sacrificed a lot of things to walk the narrow way;
I gave up fame and fortune - I'm worth a lot to Thee!"
And the I hear Him gently say to me:
"I left the throne of glory and counted it but loss,
My hands were nailed in anger upon the cruel cross;
But now we'll make the journey with your hand safe in Mine -
So lift your cross and follow close to Me."

324 LORD, I WANT TO BE A CHRISTIAN
Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart, in my heart,
Lord, I want to be a Christian, in my heart.
In my heart, in my heart.
Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart.

Lord, I want to be more loving in my heart, in my heart,
Lord, I want to be more loving in my heart.
In my heart, in my heart.
Lord, I want to be more loving in my heart.

Lord, I want to be more holy in my heart, in my heart,
Lord, I want to be more holy in my heart.
In my heart, in my heart.
Lord, I want to be more holy in my heart.

Lord, I want to be like Jesus in my heart, in my heart,
Lord, I want to be like Jesus in my heart.
In my heart, in my heart.
Lord, I want to be like Jesus in my heart.

325 IN HIS TIME

In His time, in His time;
He makes all things beautiful in His time.
Lord, please show me every day
As You're teaching me Your way,
That You'll do just what You say in Your time.

In Your time, in Your time;
You make all things beautiful in Your time.
Lord, my life to You I bring;
May each song I have to sing
Be to You a lovely thing in Your time.

326 HUMBLE YOURSELVES

Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord,
And He will lift you up.
O humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord,
And He will lift you up.

327 I WANT TO BEAR THY FRUIT O LORD

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, Thy savoury salt to be;
That all the world may see my God: Thy glory seen in me!

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, e'en though I'm full of sin
For Jesus bore them on the cross and now I'm cleansed within!

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, I've tried without success
To bear these fruit all by myself, producing emptiness.

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, For Thy word speaks to me
And makes me yearn to bear this fruit - an offering unto Thee.

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, let me abide in Thee,
The vine of Truth and nourishment, the source of fruit, so free!

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, my heart I'll not withhold;
I give to Thee all that I have to fashion and to mould.

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, of love and gentleness,
Of peace and joy and self-control and blessed faithfulness.

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, to bear them everyday!
So keep me clinging to Thy side forever, all the way!

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, till Thou wilt come again;
Then, taken up, I can proclaim, "My life was not in vain!"

I want to bear Thy fruit, O Lord, O Jesus, hear my plea:
Bestir my soul, this moment start to change my life for Thee!

328 I SAW JESUS IN YOU

When I enter Heaven's glory and I see my Saviour's face,
I will offer Him ten thousand years of praise.
Then I'll find that special one in whose life I saw God's Son,
And through tears of joy with trembling lips these words I'll say:

Chorus:
"I saw Jesus in you, I saw Jesus in you.
I could hear His voice in the words you said -
I saw Jesus in you.
In your eyes I saw His care, I could see His love was there.
You were faithful, and I saw Jesus in you."

When I stand before my Father to receive my life's reward,
And my soul is bathed in God's eternal day,
When this race on earth is run, and God sees the works I've
done,
More than anything I long to hear my Father say:

329 HIS SHEEP AM I

In God's green pastures feeding, by His cool waters lie;
Soft in the evening walk my Lord and I.
All the sheep of His pastures fare so wondrously fine,
His sheep am I.

Chorus:
Waters cool (in the valley),
Pastures green (on the mountain),
In the eve - ning walk my Lord and I.
Dark the night (in the valley),
Rough the way (on the mountain),
Step by step, my Lord and I.

Surely goodness and mercy ever shall follow me,
All through the day the Lord my Shepherd be.
In the house of the Lord I will forever be,
His sheep am I.

330 HE'S STILL WORKING ON ME

There really ought to be a sign upon my heart,
"Don't judge me yet, there's an unfinished part,"
But I'll be perfect just according to His plan,
Fashioned by the Master's loving hand.

Chorus:
He's still working on me, to make me what I ought to be,
It took Him just His word to make the moon and the stars,
The sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars.
How lovingly and patient He must be, He's still working on me.

In the mirror of His Word, reflections that I see
Make me wonder why He never gave up on me;
But He loves me as I am and helps me when I pray,
Remember, He's the Potter, I'm the clay.

331 FOLLOW ON

Down in the valley with my Saviour I would go,
Where the flow'rs are blooming and the sweet waters flow;
Everywhere He leads me I would follow, follow on,
Walking in His footsteps till the crown be won.

Chorus:
Follow! Follow! I would follow Jesus!
Anywhere, everywhere, I would follow on!
Follow! Follow! I would follow Jesus!
Everywhere He leads me I would follow on!

Down in the valley with my Saviour I would go,
Where the storms are sweeping and the dark waters flow;
With His hand to lead me I will never, never fear,
Danger cannot fright me if my Lord is near.

Down in the valley of upon the mountain steep,
Close beside my Saviour would my soul ever keep;
He will lead me safely in the path that He has trod,
Up to where they gather on the hills of God.

332 NOT I, BUT CHRIST

Not I but Christ be honoured, loved, exalted;
Not I but Christ be seen, be known, be heard;
Not I but Christ in ev'ry look and action;
Not I but Christ in ev'ry thought and word.

Chorus:
Oh, to be saved from myself, dear Lord!
Oh, to be lost in Thee!
Oh, that it may be no more I, dear Lord,
But Christ that lives in me.

Not I but Christ to gently soothe in sorrow;
Not I but Christ to wipe the falling tear;
Not I but Christ to lift the heavy burden;
Not I but Christ to hush away all fear.

Christ, only Christ, ere long will fill my vision;
Glory excelling soon, full soon I'll see -
Christ, only Christ my ev'ry wish fulfilling -
Christ, only Christ my all in all to be.

333 WHY DO YOU WAIT?

Why do you wait, dear brother,
Oh why do you tarry so long?
Your Saviour is waiting to give you
A place in His sanctified throng.

Chorus:
Why not? Why not?
Why not come to Him now?
Why not? Why not?
Why not come to Him now?

What do you hope, dear brother,
To gain by a further delay?
There's no one to save you but Jesus,
There's no other way but His way.

Do you not feel, dear brother,
His Spirit now striving within?
Oh why not accept His salvation
And throw off your burden of sin?

Why do your wait, dear brother?
The harvest is passing away;
Your Savior is longing to bless you,
There's danger and death in delay.

334 SOFTLY AND TENDERLY

Softly and tenderly Jesus is calling,
Calling for you and for me;
See, on the portals He's waiting and watching,
Watching for you and for me.

Chorus:
Come home, come home;
Ye who are weary come home;
Earnestly, tenderly, Jesus is calling,
Calling, O sinner, come home!

Why should we tarry when Jesus is pleading,
Pleading for you and for me?
Why should we linger and heed not His mercies,
Mercies for you and for me?

Time is now fleeting, the moments are passing,
Passing from you and from me;
Shadows are gathering, deathbeds are coming,
Coming for you and for me.

O for the wonderful love He has promised,
Promised for you and for me;
Though we have sinned He has mercy and pardon,
Pardon for you and for me.

335 WE'VE A STORY TO TELL

We've a story to tell to the nations
That shall turn their hearts to the right,
A story of truth and mercy,
A story of peace and light,
A story of peace and light.

Chorus:
For the darkness shall turn to dawning,
And the dawning to noonday bright,
And Christ's great kingdom shall come to earth,
The kingdom of love and light.

We've a song to be sung to the nations
That shall lift their hearts to the Lord,
A song that shall conquer evil
And shatter the spear and sword,
And shatter the spear and sword.

We've a message to give to the nations-
That the Lord who reigneth above
Hath sent us His Son to save us
And show us that God is love,
And show us that God is love.

We've a Saviour to show to the nations
Who the path of sorrow has trod,
That all of the world's great peoples
Might come to the truth of God,
Might come to the truth of God.

336 RESCUE THE PERISHING

Rescue the perishing, care for the dying,
Snatch them in pity from sin and the grave;
Weep o'er the erring one, lift up the fallen,
Tell them of Jesus, the mighty to save.

Chorus:
Rescue the perishing, care for the dying;
Jesus is merciful, Jesus will save.
Though they are slighting Him, still He is waiting,
Waiting the penitent child to receive;
Plead with them earnestly, plead with them gently:
He will forgive if they only believe.

Down in the human heart, crushed by the tempter,
Feelings lie buried that grace can restore;
Touched by a loving heart, wakened by kindness,
Chords that were broken will vibrate once more.

Rescue the perishing, duty demands it;
Strength for thy labor the Lord will provide;
Back to the narrow way patiently win them;
Tell the poor wand'rer a Saviour has died.

337 SEND THE LIGHT

There's a call comes ringing o'er the restless wave,
Send the light! Send the light!
There are souls to rescue there are souls to save,
Send the light! Send the light!

Chorus:
Send the light, the blessed Gospel light;
Let it shine from shore to shore!
Send the light! the blessed Gospel light;
Let it shine forevermore.

We have heard the Macedonian call today,
Send the light! Send the light!
And a golden off'ring at the cross we lay,
Send the light! Send the light!

Let us pray that grace may ev'rywhere abound;
Send the light! Send the light!
And a Christ-like spirit ev'rywhere be found,
Send the light! Send the light!

Let us not grow weary in the work of love,
Send the light! Send the light!
Let us gather jewels for a crown above,
Send the light! Send the light!

338 THE REGIONS BEYOND
To the regions beyond I must go, I must go,
Where the story has never been told;
To the millions that never have heard of His love,
I must tell the sweet story of old.

Chorus:
To the regions beyond, I must go, I must go,
Till the world, all the world,
His salvation shall know.

To the hardest of places He calls me to go,
Not thinking of comfort or ease;
The world may pronounce me a dreamer, a fool-
Enough if the Master I please.

Oh ye that are spending your leisure and powers
In pleasures so foolish and fond,
Awake from your selfishness, folly and sin,
And go to the regions beyond.

There are other lost sheep that the Master must bring,
And to them must the message be told.
He sends me to gather them out of all lands
And welcome them back to His fold.

339 SEND OUT THY LIGHT AND THY TRUTH

Send out Thy light and Thy truth, let them lead me;
O let them bring me to Thy holy hill.
Send out Thy light and Thy truth, let them lead me;
O let them bring me to Thy holy hill.
O let them lead me, O let them lead me,
O let them bring me to Thy ho-ly hill.

Lead me, O Lord, in the way everlasting;
O lead and guide me to Thy holy hill,
Lead me, O Lord, in the way everlasting;
O lead and guide me to Thy holy hill.
O do Thou lead me, O do Thou guide me,
O lead and guide me to Thy holy hill.

340 SAVED TO TELL OTHERS

We're saved, saved to tell others of the Man from Galilee.
Saved, saved to live daily for the Christ of Calvary.
Saved, saved to invite you To His salvation free,
We're saved, saved, saved by His blood for all eternity.

341 ROOM AT THE CROSS FOR YOU

The cross upon which Jesus died
Is a shelter in which we can hide;
And its grace so free is sufficient for me,
And deep is its fountain- as wide as the sea.

Chorus:
There's room at the cross for you,
There's room at the cross for you;
Though millions have come,
There's still room for one-
Yes, there's room at the cross for you.

Though millions have found Him a friend
And have turned from the sins they have sinned,
The Saviour still waits to open the gates
And welcome a sinner before it's too late.

The hand of my Saviour is strong,
And the love of my Saviour is long;
Through sunshine or rain, through loss or in gain,
The blood flows from Calv'ry to cleanse every stain.

342 THE GIFT OF LIFE

While I was still an enemy He loved me
He looked at me, I didn't even care.
He saw the walls and masks I'd put around me,
And then He told me that He paid my share.
My useless struggle lost against His power,
His perfect grace abounded there and won.
Wounded, tortured by my lonely conscience,
Convicted by the witness of His Son.
The wages sin pays out is death, my brother.
The bountiful, free gift of God is life.
Just open up your heart, let Jesus enter,
He cancelled out your sin, He bought your strife.

My built-up pride just burst there like a bubble,
My life fell down in fragments at my feet;
That single hour was longer than a lifetime.
When Jesus' face I turned around to meet,
He freed my mind and spirit from my trouble,
My scaly eyes were opened just to see.
My failures left a thousand miles behind me,
His love was poured out there to set me free.
The wages sin pays out is death, my brother.
The bountiful, free gift of God is life.
Just open up your heart, let Jesus enter,
He cancelled out, He cancelled out your sin,
He gave you life.

343 SILVER AND GOLD

Peter and John went to pray,
They met a lame man on the way.
He asked for alms and he held out his palms,
And this is what Peter did say.
"Silver and gold have I none,
But such as I have give I thee,
In the name of Jesus Christ
Of Nazareth, rise up and walk."
He went walking and leaping and praising God,
Walking and leaping and praising God.
In the name of Jesus Christ
Of Nazareth, rise up and walk.

344 VICTORY IN JESUS

I heard an old, old story,
How the Saviour came from glory,
How He gave His life on Calvary
To save a wretch like me;
I heard about His groaning,
Of His precious blood's atoning,
Then I repented of my sins
And won the victory.

Chorus:
O victory in Jesus, My Saviour forever,
He sought me and bought me With His redeeming blood;
He loved me ere I knew Him, And all my love is due Him,
He plunged me to victory Beneath the cleansing flood.

I heard about His healing,
Of His cleansing pow'r revealing.
How He made the lame to walk again
And caused the blind to see;

And then I cried, "Dear Jesus,
Come and heal my broken spirit,"
And somehow Jesus came and bro't
To me the victory.

I heard about a mansion
He has built for me in glory.
And I heard about the streets of gold
Beyond the crystal sea;
About the angels singing,
And the old redemption story,
And some sweet day I'll sing up there
The song of victory.

345 HAPPY TODAY WITH MY SINS WASHED AWAY

Happy today with my sins washed away,
I'm rejoicing and praising the Lord.
Happy today with my sins washed away,
I'm believing God's holy Word,
Come and believe and salvation receive,
You'll be rejoicing too;
You'll be happy today with your sins washed away,
Rejoicing and praising the Lord.

346 UNTOLD MILLIONS ARE STILL UNTOLD

Untold millions are still untold,
Untold millions are outside the fold.
Who will tell them of Jesus' love
And the heavenly mansions awaiting above?
Jesus died on Cal-va-ry to save each one from sin.
Now He calls to you and me to go and bring them in.
Untold millions are still untold,
Untold millions are outside the fold.
Who will tell them of Jesus' love
And the heav'nly mansions awaiting above?

347 I AM THE RESURRECTION

I am the resurrection and the life,
He that believeth in me though He were dead,
Yet shall He live, yet shall he live,
And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never, never die.

348 HAVE YOU ANY ROOM FOR JESUS?

Have you any room for Jesus,
He who bore your load of sin?
As He knocks and asks admission,
Sinner, will you let Him in?

Chorus:
Room for Jesus, King of glory!
Hasten now, His Word obey;
Swing the heart's door widely open,
Bid Him enter while you may.

Room for pleasure, room for business -
But, for Christ the Crucified,
Not a place that He can enter,
In the heart for which He died?

Have you any room for Jesus,
As in grace He calls again?
O today is time accepted,
Tomorrow you may call in vain.

Room and time now give to Jesus,
Soon will pass God's day of grace;
Soon thy heart left cold and silent,
And thy Saviour's pleading cease.

349 HAVE YOU COUNTED THE COST?

There's a line that is drawn by rejecting our Lord,
Where the call of His Spirit is lost,
And you hurry along with the pleasure mad throng-
Have you counted, have you counted the cost?

Chorus:
Have you counted the cost, if your soul should be lost,
Though you gain the whole world for your own?
Even now it may be that the line you have crossed,
Have you counted, have you counted the cost?

You may barter your hope of eternity's morn,
For a moment of joy at the most,
For the glitter of sin and the things it will win-
Have you counted, have you counted the cost?

While the door of His mercy is open to you,
Ere the depth of His love you exhaust,
Won't you come and be healed, won't you whisper I yield -
I have counted, I have counted the cost.

350 I HEARD THE VOICE OF JESUS SAY

I heard the voice of Jesus say, "Come unto me and rest;
Lay down, thou weary one, lay down Thy head upon My breast."
I came to Jesus as I was, weary and worn, and sad;
I found in him a resting place, and He has made me glad.

I heard the voice of Jesus say, "Behold, I freely give
The living water - thirsty one, stoop down and drink, and live."
I came to Jesus, and I drank of that life-giving stream;
My thirst was quenched, my soul revived, and now I live in him.

I heard the voice of Jesus say, "I am this dark world's Light;
Look unto me, thy morn shall rise, and all thy day be bright."
I looked to Jesus, and I found in Him my Star, my Sun;
And in that light of life I'll walk, till trav'ling days are done.

351 I KNOW A FOUNT

I know a fount where sins are wash'd away,
I know a place where night is turned to day;
Burdens are lifted, blind eyes made to see;
There's a wonder working pow'r,
In the blood of Calvary.

I know a Saviour, He's a faithful friend,
One who is with me, will be to the end.
He now in glory intercedes for me,
'Twas His precious cleansing blood,
That once flowed on Calvary.

I have a peace, this world could never give,
Wonderful peace, for now in Christ I live.
From condemnation He hath made me free,
What a wonder working pow'r,
In the blood of Calvary.

I have a hope, My Lord will surely come,
All His redeemed ones shall be gathered home.
With him in glory evermore to be,
Then we'll praise Him for the blood,
That was shed on Calvary.

352 I AM COMING, LORD

I hear Thy welcome voice that calls me, Lord, to Thee,
For cleansing in Thy precious blood that flowed on Calvary.

Chorus:
I am coming, Lord! Coming now to Thee!
Wash me, cleanse me, in the blood that flowed on Calvary!

Though coming weak and vile, Thou dost my strength assure;
Thou dost my vileness fully cleanse, till spotless all and pure.

'Tis Jesus calls me on to perfect faith and love,
To perfect hope and peace and trust for earth and heav'n above.

353 I AM COMING TO THE CROSS

I am coming to the cross; I am poor, and weak, and blind;
I am counting all but dross; I shall full salvation find.

Long my heart has sighed for Thee; long has evil reigned within;
Jesus sweetly speaks to me, "I will cleanse you from all sin."

Here I give my all to Thee; friends, and time, and earthly store;
Soul and body Thine to be, wholly Thine for evermore.

Jesus comes! He fills my soul! Perfected in Him I am;
I am every whit made whole - Glory, glory to the Lamb!

354 HE RANSOMED ME

There's a sweet and blessed story
Of the Christ who came from glory,
Just to rescue me from sin and misery;
He in loving-kindness sought me,
And from sin and shame has brought me,
Hallelujah! Jesus ransomed me.

Chorus:
Hallelujah, what a Saviour!
Who can take a poor, lost sinner,
Lift him from the miry clay and set him free;
I will ever tell the story,
Shouting, glory, glory, glory,
Hallelujah! Jesus ransomed me.

From the depth of sin and sadness
To the heights of joy and gladness
Jesus lifted me, in mercy full and free;
With His precious blood He bought me,
When I knew Him not, He sought me,
And in love divine He ransomed me.

By and by with joy increasing,
And with gratitude unceasing,
Lifted up with Christ forevermore to be,
I will join the hosts there singing,
In the anthem ever ringing,
To the King of Love who ransomed me.

355 HEAVEN FILLS MY SOUL

Heaven fills my soul,
Since my Lord made me whole.
Heaven fills my soul:
I'm trusting His precious cleansing blood,
I know my Lord Jesus is mighty to save,
Heaven fills my soul,
Since the Lord made me whole.

356 HE TOOK MY SINS AWAY

I came to Jesus, weary, worn, and sad,
He took my sins away, He took my sins away;
And now His love has made my heart so glad,
He took my sins away.

Chorus:
He took my sins away, He took my sins away,
And keeps me singing ev'ry day!
I'm so glad He took my sins away,
He took my sins away.

The load of sin was more than I could bear,
He took them all away, He took them all away,
And now on Him I roll my ev'ry care,
He took my sins away.

No condemnation have I in my heart,
He took my sins away, He took my sins away,
His perfect peace He did to me impart,
He took my sins away.

If you will come to Jesus Christ today,
He'll take your sins away, He'll take your sins away,
And keep you happy in His love each day,
He'll take your sins away.

357 HE REDEEMED ME

He redeemed me, bless His name!
He redeemed me from all sin and shame.
He redeemed me, praise His name,
Jesus Christ my Lord.

He forgave me, bless His name!
He forgave me of all sin and shame.
He forgave me, praise His name,
Jesus Christ my Lord.

He is coming, bless His name!
He is coming, coming again!
He is coming, praise His name,
Jesus Christ my Lord,
Jesus Christ my Lord.

358 I LOVE TO TELL THE STORY

I love to tell the story of unseen things above,
Of Jesus and His glory, of Jesus and His love.
I love to tell the story because I know 'tis true;
It satisfies my longings as nothing else can do.

Chorus:
I love to tell the story, 'Twill be my theme in glory
To tell the old, old story of Jesus and His love.

I love to tell the story, more wonderful it seems
Than all the golden fancies of all our golden dreams.
I love to tell the story, it did so much for me;
And that is just the reason I tell it now to thee.

I love to tell the story, 'tis pleasant to repeat
What seems, each time I tell it, more wonderfully sweet;
I love to tell the story, for some have never heard
The message of salvation from God's own Holy Word.

I love to tell the story, for those who know it best
Seem hungering and thirsting to hear it like the rest.
And when, in scenes of glory, I sing the new, new song,
'Twill be the old, old story that I have loved so long.

359 INTO MY HEART

Come into my heart, blessed Jesus,
Come into my heart, I pray;
My soul is so troubled and weary,
Come into my heart today.

Chorus:
Into my heart, into my heart,
Come into my heart, Lord Jesus.
Come in today, Come in to stay;
Come into my heart, Lord Jesus.

Come into my heart, blessed Jesus,
I need Thee through life's dreary way;
The burden of sin is so heavy,
Come into my heart to stay.

Come into my heart, blessed Jesus,
O cleanse and illumine my soul;
Fill me with Thy wonderful Spirit,
Come in and take full control.

360 IN TENDERNESS HE SOUGHT ME

In tenderness He sought me,
Weary and sick with sin,
And on His shoulders brought me
Back to His fold again.
While angels in His presence sang
Until the courts of heaven rang.

Chorus:
Oh, the love that sought me!
Oh, the blood that bought me!
Oh, the grace that brought me to the fold,
Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!

He washed the bleeding sin-wounds,
And poured in oil and wine;
He whispered to assure me,
"I've found thee; thou art Mine."
I never heard a sweeter voice;
It made my aching heart rejoice!

He pointed to the nail-prints;
For me His blood was shed;
A mocking crown so thorny
Was placed upon His head:
I wondered what He saw in me
To suffer such deep agony.

I'm sitting in His presence,
The sunshine of His face,
While with adoring wonder
His blessings I retrace.
It seems as if eternal days
Are far too short to sound His praise.

So while the hours are passing,
All now is perfect rest;
I'm waiting for the morning,
The brightest and the best,
When He will call us to His side,
To be with Him, His spotless bride.

361 IF I SHOULD DIE

If I should die where will I dwell, in heaven or in hell?
Eternal bliss, eternal shame the choice is mine to name.

Chorus:
Only trust Him, only trust him, only trust Him now;
He will save you, He will save you, he will save you now.

Thou fool this very night thy soul shall be required of thee,
Then whose shall be these many things, may I enquire of thee?

362 I'M FEEDING ON THE LIVING BREAD

I'm feeding on the living bread,
I'm drinking at the fountain head;
And "Whoso drinketh," Jesus said,
"Shall never, never thirst again."
What, never thirst again?
No! Never thirst again.
What, never thirst again?
No! Never thirst again.
And "Whoso drinketh," Jesus said,
"Shall never, never thirst again."

363 JESUS CHRIST IS THE WAY

Jesus Christ is the Way,
Jesus Christ is the Truth,
Jesus Christ is the Life,
And He's mine, mine, mine.

364 IN TIMES LIKE THESE

In times like these you need a Saviour;
In times like these you need an anchor;
Be very sure, be very sure
Your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!

Chorus:
This Rock is Jesus, yes, He's the One;
This Rock is Jesus, the only One;
Be very sure, be very sure
Your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!
(v.3: My anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!)

In times like these you need the Bible;
In times like these O be not idle;
Be very sure, be very sure
Your anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!

In times like these I have a Savior;
In times like these I have an anchor;
I'm very sure, I'm very sure
My anchor holds and grips the Solid Rock!

365 I'LL TELL THE WORLD THAT I'M A CHRISTIAN

I'll tell the world that I'm a Christian -
I'm not ashamed His name to bear;
I'll tell the world that I'm a Christian -
I'll take Him with me anywhere.
I'll tell the world how Jesus saved me,
And how He gave me a life brand-new;
And I know that if you trust Him
That all He gave me He'll give to you.
I'll tell the world that He's my Saviour,
No other one could love me so;
My life, my all is His forever,
And where He leads me, I will go.

I'll tell the world that He is coming -
It may be near or far away;
But we must live as if His coming
Would be tomorrow or today.
For when He comes and life is over,
For those who love Him there's more to be;
Eyes have never seen the wonders
That He's preparing for you and me.
O tell the world that you're a Christian,
Be not ashamed His name to bear;
O tell the world that you're a Christian,
And take Him with you everywhere.

366 IF YOU WANT JOY

If you want joy, real joy, wonderful joy,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If you want joy, real joy, wonderful joy,
Let Jesus come into your heart.
Your sins He'll wash away,
Your night He'll turn to day,
Your life He'll make it over anew;
If you want joy, real joy, wonderful joy,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

367 I WISH YOU KNEW MY JESUS

I wish you knew my Jesus,
And love Him as I do,
For if you knew my Jesus -
Then you would love Him too;
He gave his life at Calv'ry,
The sacrifice for you:
If you'll receive my Jesus,
Then you will love Him too.

368 JESUS BREAKS EVERY FETTER

Jesus breaks ev'ry fetter,
Jesus breaks ev'ry fetter,
Jesus breaks ev'ry fetter,
Jesus sets me free.

I will sing "Hallelujah",
I will sing "Hallelujah",
I will sing "Hallelujah",
Christ has set me free.

369 IS MY NAME WRITTEN THERE?

Lord, I care not for riches, neither silver nor gold -
I would make sure of heaven, I would enter the fold.
In the book of Thy kingdom with its pages so fair,
Tell me, Jesus, my Saviour, is my name written there?

Chorus:
Is my name written there on the page white and fair?
In the book of Thy kingdom, is my name written there?

Chorus for last stanza:
Yes, my name's written there on the page white and fair;
In the book of Thy kingdom, yes, my name's written there!

Lord, my sins they are many, like the sands of the sea,
But Thy blood, O my Saviour, is sufficient for me;
For Thy promise is written in bright letters that glow,
"Though your sins be as scarlet, I will make them like snow."

O that beautiful city with its mansions of light,
With its glorified beings in pure garments of white;
Where no evil thing cometh to despoil what is fair,
Where the angels are watching - yes, my name's written there.

370 JESUS SAVES

We have heard the joyful sound:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Spread the tidings all around:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Bear the news to ev'ry land,
Climb the steeps and cross the waves;
Onward! - 'tis our Lord's command;
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Waft it on the rolling tide;
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Tell to sinners far and wide:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Sing, ye islands of the sea;
Echo back, ye ocean caves;
Earth shall keep her jubilee:
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Sing above the battle strife,
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
By His death and endless life,
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Sing it softly through the gloom,
When the heart for mercy craves;
Sing in triumph o'er the tomb -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

Give the winds a mighty voice,
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Let the nations now rejoice -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!
Shout salvation full and free,
Highest hills and deepest caves;
This our song of victory -
Jesus saves! Jesus saves!

371 LEAD ME TO SOME SOUL TODAY

Lead me to some soul today,
O teach me, Lord, just what to say;
Friends of mine are lost in sin,
And cannot find their way.
Few there are who seem to care,
And few there are who pray;
Melt my heart and fill my life,
Give me one soul today.

372 LET THE WHOLE WORLD KNOW

Everybody seems to have a cause for which to speak,
Loudly from the rooftops they proclaim the thing they seek,
Often for a needless cause and often to deceive;
Should not we who know the Lord declare what we believe?
Let the whole world know!
We are on God's side (for - ev - er),
Let the whole world know!
He's our Friend and Guide (a - long the pathway),
For in Christ new life we found,
And our lives were changed around,
Now we travel heaven-bound -
Let the whole world know!
Let the whole world know!
There's a job to do (we'll do it),
Let the whole world know!
Others need Him too (they surely need Him);
Like a brightly shining light,
In the darkness of the night,
We will stand for truth and right -
Let the whole world know!
Let the whole world know!
Let the whole world know!
Let the whole world know!

373 NEW LIFE IN CHRIST

New life in Christ! Abundant and free!
What glories shine, what joys are mine,
What wondrous blessings I see!
My past with its sin, the searching and strife,
Forever gone - There's a bright new dawn!
For in Christ I have found new life!

374 NEW LIFE

There was a time when man was near to God,
That was the time when man and beast could walk
In the garden that God had made,
But man have sinned, the Bible says,
They were driven away right from that day.
Today Christ lives again,
Saved me from death and shame
Life to me now has new meaning.
I pray that day by day,
By faith I'll walk Your way,
Until I see You face to face.

There came a time for God's redemption plan,
He sent His Son down to this sin-sick land.
On the cross He bled and died
To bring us back right on God's side.
He is a friend who loves right to the end.
Today Christ lives again,
Saved me from death and shame
Life to me now has new meaning.
I pray that day by day,
By faith I'll walk your way,
Until I see You face to face.

There'll be a time when Christ shall come again,
All the Christless and lost will plead in vain.
You'll regret, it'll be too late.
My Lord is saying, "You must not wait!"
If you believe, new life you will receive.


375 LOVE THIS WORLD THROUGH ME

Love this world through me Lord,
Love this world through me.
Broken lives are everywhere
Lost in sin and dark despair.
Only You can help them,
Save and set them free.
Use my life to reach them, Lord.
Love this world through me.

376 EVERYBODY OUGHT TO KNOW

Chorus:
Everybody ought to know,
Everybody ought to know,
Everybody ought to know who Jesus is.

He's the Lily of the Valley,
He's the Bright and Morning Star;
He's the fairest of ten thousand -
Everybody ought to know.

On the cross He died for sinners,
And His blood makes white as snow;
Loving, living, coming Saviour -
He's the one you ought to know.

I love Jesus, hallelujah!
I love Jesus, yes I do;
I love Jesus, He's my Saviour,
Jesus smiles and loves me too.

377 LET JESUS COME INTO YOUR HEART

If you are tired of the load of your sin,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If you desire a new life to begin,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

Chorus:
Just now your doubtings give o'er;
Just now reject Him no more;
Just now throw open the door -
Let Jesus come into your heart.

If 'tis for purity now that you sigh,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
Fountains for cleansing are flowing nearby,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

If there's a tempest your voice cannot still,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If there's a void this world never can fill,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

If you would join the glad songs of the blest,
Let Jesus come into your heart;
If you would enter the mansions of rest,
Let Jesus come into your heart.

378 MUST I GO, AND EMPTY-HANDED?

Must I go, and empty-handed,
Thus my dear Redeemer meet?
Not one day of service give Him,
Lay no trophy at His feet?

Chorus:
Must I go, and empty-handed?
Must I meet my Saviour so?
Not one soul with which to greet Him -
Must I empty-handed go?

Not at death I shrink nor falter,
For my Saviour saves me now;
But to meet Him empty-handed,
Thought of that now clouds my brow.

O the years in sinning wasted!
Could I but recall them now,
I would give them to my Saviour -
To His will I'd gladly bow.

O ye saints, arouse, be earnest,
Up and work while yet 'tis day;
Ere the night of death o'er-take thee,
Strive for souls while still you may.

379 O ZION, HASTE

O Zion, haste, thy mission high fulfilling,
To tell to all the world that God is Light;
That He who made all nations is not willing
One soul should perish, lost in shades of night.

Chorus:
Publish glad tidings, tidings of peace;
Tidings of Je - sus, redemption, and release.

Behold how many thousands still are lying,
Bound in the darksome prison house of sin,
With none to tell them of the Saviour's dying,
Or of the life He died for them to win.

Proclaim to ev'ry people, tongue, and nation
That God, in whom they live and move, is love:
Tell how he stooped to save His lost creation,
And died on earth that man might live above.

Give of thy sons to bear the message glorious;
Give of thy wealth to speed them on their way;
Pour out thy soul for them in prayer victorious;
And all thou spendest Jesus will repay.

380 NOW I BELONG TO JESUS

Jesus, my Lord, will love me forever,
From Him no pow'r of evil can sever,
He gave His life to ransom my soul;
Now I belong to Him.

Chorus:
Now I belong to Je - sus;
Jesus belongs to me;
Not for the years of time alone,
But for e-ter-ni-ty.

Once I was lost in sin's degradation;
Jesus came down to bring me salvation,
Lifted me up from sorrow and shame;
Now I belong to Him.

Joy floods my soul, for Jesus has saved me,
Freed me from sin that long had enslaved me;
His precious blood He gave to redeem;
Now I belong to Him.

381 LITTLE MISSIONARY

I can be a little missionary,
If the gospel story to the lost I carry;
I can work for Jesus in the homeland
"Lord, here am I, send me."

I don't have to cross the salty ocean,
To the needy heathen to show my devotion;
I can pray and give to send the others,
Who'll represent me there.

I'll be faithful, studying and praying,
If the Master calls me, home I'll not be staying;
To the fields "already white to harvest,"
"Send me, O Lord," I'll pray.

382 LORD, LAY SOME SOUL UPON MY HEART

Lord, lay some soul upon my heart,
And love that soul through me.
And may I earnestly do my part
To win that soul for Thee.

383 JOHN 3:16

God loved the world,
His only Son He gave.
Whoe'er believes in Him shall
Have life now and eternal.

"I am the Way,"
Christ speaks a solemn Word.
"I am the Way, the Truth, the Life,
The only way to God.

Be born again -
Test of your salvation!
Except a man be born again,
How shall he enter heaven?

Come unto Me,
Ye heavy laden ones.
Come unto Me without delay,
And I will give you rest!

I give you peace,
My peace I give to you.
Not as the world below giveth,
My peace I leave with you."

384 LORD, I'M COMING HOME

I've wandered far away from God:
Now I'm coming home;
The paths of sin too long I've trod:
Lord, I'm coming home.

Chorus:
Coming home, coming home,
Nevermore to roam;
Open now Thine arms of love:
Lord, I'm coming home.

I've wasted many precious years:
Now I'm coming home;
I now repent with bitter tears:
Lord, I'm coming home.

I'm tired of sin and straying, Lord:
Now I'm coming home;
I'll trust Thy love, believe Thy word;
Lord, I'm coming home.

My soul is sick, my heart is sore:
Now I'm coming home;
My strength renew, my hope restore:
Lord, I'm coming home.

385 MY HEART WAS DARK WITH SIN

My heart was dark with sin,
Until the Saviour came in;
His precious blood, I know,
Has washed it white as snow.
And in His Word I'm told
I'll walk the street of gold;
O wonderful, wonderful day -
He washed my sins away!

A new life God gave to me -
New life, abundant and free;
He wants this new life to grow,
The Bible tells me so.
By loving, trusting and praying,
By witnessing and obeying,
I'll grow in God's knowledge and grace
Until I look on His face.

386 REDEEMED

Redeemed, how I love to proclaim it,
Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb;
Redeemed through His infinite mercy,
His child and forever I am.

Chorus:
Redeemed, redeemed,
Redeemed by the blood of the Lamb;
Redeemed, redeemed,
His child, and forever, I am.

Redeemed and so happy in Jesus,
No language my rapture can tell;
I know that the light of His presence
With me doth continually dwell.

I think of my blessèd Redeemer,
I think of Him all the day long;
I sing, for I cannot be silent;
His love is the theme of my song.

I know I shall see in His beauty
The King in whose law I delight;
Who lovingly guardeth my footsteps,
And giveth me songs in the night.

387 STOP! GO! WATCH!

Stop! And let me tell you
What the Lord has done for me.
Stop! And let me tell you
What the Lord has done for me.
He forgave my sin and He saved my soul,
He cleansed my heart and He made me whole,
Stop! And let me tell you
What the Lord has done for me.

Go! And tell the story Of the Christ of Calvary.
Go! And tell the story Of the Christ of Calvary.
He'll forgive their sins, He will save their souls,
He'll cleanse their hearts, He will make them whole,
Go! And tell the story Of the Christ of Calvary.

Watch! And be ye ready For the Lord may come today.
Watch! And be ye ready For the Lord may come today.
He will come again in the clouds for me
And take me home for eternity,
Watch! And be ye ready
For the Lord may come today.

388 I HEAR THY WELCOME VOICE

I hear Thy welcome voice
That calls me, Lord, to Thee,
For cleansing in Thy precious blood
That flowed on Calvary.

Chorus:
I am coming, Lord, Coming now to Thee:
Wash me, cleanse me in the blood That flowed on Calvary.
Though coming weak and vile,
Thou dost my strength assure;
Thou dost my vileness fully cleanse,
Till spotless all and pure.

'Tis Jesus calls me on
To perfect faith and love,
To perfect hope and peace and trust,
For earth and heav'n above.

'Tis Jesus who confirms
The blessed work within,
By adding grace to welcomed grace,
Where reigned the pow'r of sin.

All hail, atoning blood!
All hail, redeeming grace!
All hail, the gift of Christ our Lord,
Our strength and righteousness.

389 FAITH IS THE VICTORY

Encamped along the hills of light,
Ye Christian soldiers, rise,
And press the battle ere the night
Shall veil the glowing skies.
Against the foe in vales below
Let all our strength be hurled;
Faith is the vic-to-ry, we know
That overcomes the world.

Chorus:
Faith is the victory! Faith is the victory!
Oh, glorious victory, That overcomes the world.

His banner over us is love,
Our sword the Word of God;
We tread the road the saints above
With shouts of triumph trod.
By faith they like a whirlwind's breath
Swept on o'er ev'ry field;
The faith by which they conquered death
Is still our shining shield.

On ev'ry hand the foe we find
Drawn up in dread array;
Let tents of ease be left behind,
And onward to the fray!
Salvation's helmet on each head,
With truth all grit about:
The earth shall tremble 'neath our tread
And echo with our shout.

To him that overcomes the foe
White raiment shall be giv'n:
Before the angles he shall know
His name confessed in heav'n.
Then onward from the hills of light,
Our hearts with love aflame;
We'll vanquish all the hosts of night
In Jesus' conq'ring name.

390 I WILL TRUST

When I am afraid, I will trust in You.
Trust in You, I will trust in You.
When I am afraid, I will trust in You.
For You are my Saviour and my Lord.

391 COME TO THE WATER

You said you'd come and share all my sorrows,
You said you'd be there for all my tomorrows.
I came so close to sending you away,
But just like you promised, you came here to stay.
I just had to pray.

Chorus:
And Jesus said,
"Come to the water, stand by my side
I know you are thirsty, you won't be denied
I felt every tear drop, when in darkness you cried
And I strove to remind you,
It's for those tears I died"

Your goodness so great, I can't understand it
And dear Lord I know now that all this was planned
I know You're here now and always will be
Your love loosened my chains, and in You I'm free
But Jesus why me?

Jesus I give You, my heart and my soul
I know now without God, I'll never be whole
Saviour, You opened all the right doors
And I thank You and praise You from earth's humble shores
Take me I'm Yours!

392 ONLY A BOY CALLED DAVID

Only a boy called David,
Only a rippling brook;
Only a boy called David,
Five little stones he took.
Then, one little stone went in the sling,
And the sling went round and round
One little stone went in the sling,
And the sling went round and round
Round and round, and round and round,
And round and round and round;
One little stone went up, up, up!
And the giant came tumbling down!

393 DARE TO STAND

Take your stand with the Son of God,
O be faithful to his name;
Plant your feet on the Word of God,
It shall ever be the same.

Chorus:
Dare to stand alone for Christ,
Claim the blood He sacrificed;
Lift the name of Jesus high,
Press onward to the sky.

We are marching toward our goal,
All the world before us lies;
With our Captain we shall endure,
Till we gain the heav'nly prize.

Join us, Camper, and take your stand,
Daily feast upon His Word;
Face the foe with your sword in hand,
Till the vict'ry shout is heard.

394 I'M H-A-P-P-Y

I'm H-A-P-P-Y, I'm H-A-P-P-Y
I know I am, I'm sure I am,
I'm H-A-P -P-Y.

For I'm S-A-V-E-D, I'm S-A-V-E-D
By my Saviour's blood, His precious blood,
I'm S-A-V-E-D.
By G-R-A-C-E, by G-R-A-C-E
God's great and free salvation came,
By G-R-A-C-E.

Through F-A-I-T-H, through F-A-I-T-H
The gift of God, the gift of God,
Through F-A-I-T-H.
In J-E-S-U-S, in J-E-S-U-S
God's only Son, God's only Son,
In J-E-S-U-S.
Then G-L-O-R-Y, then G-L-O-R-Y
When my work is done, He'll take me home,
Then G-L-O-R-Y.

395 O FOR A FAITH THAT WILL NOT SHRINK

O for a faith that will not shrink
Though pressed by many a foe,
That will not tremble on the brink
Of any earthly woe;

That will not murmur nor complain
Beneath the chast'ning rod,
But in the hour of grief or pain
Will lean upon its God.

A faith that shines more bright and clear
When tempests rage without,
That, when in danger, knows no fear,
In darkness feels no doubt.

Lord, give me such a faith as this,
And then, whate'er may come,
I'll taste e'en now the hallowed bliss
Of an eternal home.

396 NEVER GIVE UP

Never be sad or desponding,
If thou hast faith to believe;
Grace, for the duties before thee,
Ask of thy God and receive.

Chorus:
Never give up, never give up,
Never give up to thy sorrows, Jesus will bid them depart;
Trust in the Lord, trust in the Lord,
Sing when your trials are greatest, trust in the Lord and take heart.

What if thy burdens oppress thee;
What though thy life may be drear;
Look on the side that is brightest,
Pray, and thy path will be clear.

Never be sad or desponding,
There is a morrow for thee;
Soon thou shalt dwell in its brightness,
There with the Lord thou shalt be.

Never be sad or desponding,
Lean on the arm of thy Lord;
Dwell in the depths of His mercy,
Thou shalt receive thy reward.

397 MY FAITH LOOKS UP TO THEE

My faith looks up to Thee,
Thou Lamb of Calvary, Saviour divine!
Now hear me while I pray; take all my guilt away;
O let me from this day be wholly Thine!

May Thy rich grace impart
Strength to my fainting heart, my zeal inspire;
As Thou hast died for me, O may my love to Thee
Pure warm, and changeless be, a living fire.

While life's dark maze I tread,
And griefs around me spread, be Thou my guide;
Bid darkness turn to day, wipe sorrow's tears away,
Nor let me ever stray from Thee aside.

When ends life's transient dream,
When death's cold sullen stream shall o'er me roll;
Blest Savior, then, in love, fear and distrust remove;
O bear me safe above, a ransomed soul.

398 ONLY BELIEVE

Fear not, little flock, from the cross to the throne,
From death into life He went for His own;
All power in earth, all power above,
Is given to Him for the flock of His love.

Chorus:
Only believe, only believe;
All things are possible, only believe;
Only believe, only believe;
All things are possible, only believe.

Fear not, little flock, He goeth ahead,
Your Shepherd selecteth the path you must tread;
The waters of Marah He'll sweeten for thee -
He drank all the bitter in Gethsemane.

Fear not, little flock, whatever your lot;
He enters all rooms, the doors being shut.
He never forsakes, He never is gone -
So count on His presence in darkness and dawn.

399 I KNOW WHOM I HAVE BELIEVED

I know not why God's wondrous grace
To me He hath made known,
Nor why, unworthy, Christ in love
Redeemed me for His own.

Chorus:
But I know whom I have believed,
And am persuaded that He is able
To keep that which I've committed
Unto Him against that day.

I know not how this saving faith
To me He did impart,
Nor how believing in His Word
Wrought peace within my heart.

I know not how the Spirit moves,
Convincing men of sin,
Revealing Jesus through the Word,
Creating faith in Him.

I know not what of good or ill
May be reserved for me -
Of weary ways or golden days
Before His face I see.

I know not when my Lord my come,
At night or noonday fair,
Nor if I'll walk the vale with Him,
Or meet Him in the air.

400 I KNOW WHO HOLDS THE FUTURE

I know who holds the future
And I know He holds my hand,
With God things don't just happen,
Everything by Him is planned;
So as I face tomorrow
With its problems large and small,
I'll trust the God of miracles -
Give to Him my all.

401 KEEP ON BELIEVING

When you feel weakest, dangers surround;
Subtle temptations, troubles abound;
Nothing seems hopeful, nothing seems glad,
All is despairing, often times sad.

Chorus:
Keep on believing, Jesus is near,
Keep on believing, there's nothing to fear;
Keep on believing, this is the way,
Faith in the night as well as the day.

If all were easy, if all were bright,
Where would the cross be? And where the fight?
But in the testings God gives to you,
Chances for proving what He can do.

God is your wisdom; God is your might;
God's ever near you guiding you right;
He understands you, knows all you need:
Trusting in Him you'll surely succeed.

Let us press on then; never despair;
Live above feeling, victory's there;
Jesus can keep us so near to Him,
That nevermore shall our faith grow dim.

402 I JUST KEEP ON TRUSTING MY LORD

I just keep trusting my Lord as I walk along,
I just keep trusting my Lord and He gives a song;
Though the storm clouds darken the sky,
O'er the heav'nly trail,
I just keep trusting my Lord - He will never fail!
He's a faithful Friend, such a faithful Friend,
I can count on Him to the very end.
Though the storm clouds darken the sky
O'er the heav'nly trail,
I just keep trusting my Lord - He will never fail!

403 I AM STANDING, STANDING ON THE WORD

I am standing, standing on the Word
Though the world change and decay.
It shall never, never pass away;
I am standing on the Word of God.

404 MY HOPE IS IN THE LORD

My hope is in the Lord who gave Himself for me,
And paid the price of all my sin at Calvary.

Chorus:
For me He died, for me He lives,
And everlasting life and light He freely gives.

No merit of my own his anger to suppress.
My only hope is found in Jesus' righteousness.

And now for me He stands before the Father's throne.
He shows His wounded hands and names me as His own.

His grace has planned it all, 'Tis mine but to believe,
And recognize His work of love and Christ receive.

405 NEVER FEAR! HE IS NEAR

Near fear! He is near!
Look to no man, care not what the world may plan.
Only trust in the Lord, All the way to Beulah Land.

406 DARE TO BE A DANIEL

Standing by a purpose true,
Heeding God's command,
Honour them, the faithful few,
All hail to Daniel's band!

Chorus:
Dare to be a Daniel,
Dare to stand alone!
Dare to have a purpose firm!
Dare to make it known!

Many mighty men are lost,
Daring not to stand,
Who for God had been a host,
By joining Daniel's band!

Many giants great and tall,
Stalking through the land,
Headlong to the earth would fall,
If met by Daniel's band!

Hold the gospel banner high!
On to vict'ry grand!
Satan and his host defy,
And shout for Daniel's band!

407 IF JESUS GOES WITH ME

It may be in the valley, where countless danger hide;
It may be in the sunshine that I in peace abide;
But this one thing I know - if it be dark or fair,
If Jesus is with me, I'll go anywhere!

Chorus:
If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere!
'Tis heaven to me, where'er I may be, if He is there!
I count it a privilege here His cross to bear;
If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere.

It may be I must carry the blessed word of life
Across the burning deserts to those in sinful strife;
And though it be my lot to bear my colours there,
If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere!

But if it be my portion to bear my cross at home,
While others bear their burdens beyond the billows' foam,
I'll prove my faith in Him - confess His judgements fair,
And, if He stays with me, I'll stay anywhere!

It is not mine to question the judgments of my Lord,
It is but mine to follow the leadings of His Word;
But if to go or stay, or whether here or there,
I'll be, with my Saviour, content anywhere!

408 MY HEART SHALL WAIT UPON THEE

O Lord, my heart I give Thee. My innermost thoughts are Thine.
My lips shall praise Thee freely, abounding with joy divine!
Upon Thy radiant glo - ry my eyes shall fix their gaze:
O let me e - ver tarry and ever stand here, amazed!

Thou art the King, eternal, the only wise God of all,
Beheld by every angel whoever before Thee fall.
In love and deep contrition to Thy great throne I draw:
And bow in whole submission, enraptured and filled with awe.

Thou hast become my portion, my fortress, my rock and shield,
The fount of my salvation, my surety, hope and seal!
In Thee is boundless treasure: an endless fount of grace,
All blessings without measure abide in Thy Holy Place!

My heart shall wait upon Thee to pour Thy refreshing streams;
In quietness I seek Thee, if Thou would but send a beam!
Without Thee, I would perish, my heart would have no rest.
O how my soul doth cherish by Thy face to be blest!

409 SURELY GOODNESS AND MERCY

A pilgrim was I and awand'ring,
In the cold night of sin I did roam,
When Jesus the kind Shepherd found me,
And now I am on my way home.

Chorus:
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me
All the days, all the days of my life;
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me
All the days, all the days of my life.

To be sung after last chorus:
And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever,
And I shall feast at the table spread for me;
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me
All the days, all the days of my life,
All the days, all the days of my life.

He restoreth my soul when I'm weary,
He giveth me strength day by day;
He leads me beside the still waters,
He guards me each step of the way.

When I walk through the dark lonesome valley,
My Saviour will walk with me there;
And safely His great hand will lead me
To the mansions He's gone to prepare.

410 UNBOUNDED GRACE

Unbounded grace- it reached to me
When hope was gone from view;
In my despair, Christ came to me
As He alone could do.

Grace was for me the only way
My guilt could find relief;
My destiny was changed that day
I reached out in belief.

God's grace does not on me depend-
It's God who is my Stay;
His love is offered without end,
He walks with me each day.

The universe with joy will ring
When grace has won the day;
As all creation joins to sing,
Praise God who paid man's way!

411 THE MERCIES OF GOD

The mercies of God! What a theme for my song,
O! I never could number them o'er;
They're more than the stars in the heavenly dome,
Or the sands of the wave-beaten shore.

Chorus:
For mercies so great, what return can I make?
For mercies so constant and sure?
I'll love him, I'll serve Him with all that I have
As long as my life shall endure.

They greet me at morn when I waken from sleep,
And they gladden my heart at the noon;
They follow me on into shades of the night,
When the day with its labour is done.

His angels of mercy encompass me round,
Wheresoever my pathway my lead;
Each turn of the road some new token reveals,
O! For me life is blessed indeed.

His goodness and mercy will follow me still,
Even on to the end of the way;
I have His sure promise and that cannot fail,
That His mercy is mine every day.

412 THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD IS JESUS

The whole world was lost in the darkness of sin;
The Light of the world is Jesus!
Like sunshine at noonday His glory shone in.
The Light of the world is Jesus!

Chorus:
Come to the Light; 'tis shining for thee;
Sweetly the Light has dawned upon me;
Once I was blind, but now I can see:
The Light of the world is Jesus.

No darkness have we who in Jesus abide;
The Light of the world is Jesus!
We walk in the Light when we follow our Guide;
The Light of the world is Jesus!

Ye dwellers in darkness with sin blinded eyes,
The Light of the world is Jesus!
Go wash at His bidding and light will arise;
The Light of the world is Jesus!

No need of the sunlight in heaven, we're told;
The Light of the world is Jesus!
The Lamb is the Light in the city of gold,
The Light of the world is Jesus!

413 ONLY A SINNER
Naught have I gotten but what I received,
Grace hath bestowed it since I have believed;
Boasting excluded, pride I abase -
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

Chorus:
Only a sinner saved by grace!
Only a sinner saved by grace!
This is my story, to God be the glory -
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

Once I was foolish, and sin ruled my heart,
Causing my footsteps from God to depart;
Jesus hath found me, happy my case -
I now am a sinner saved by grace!

Tears unavailing, no merit had I,
Mercy had saved me or else I must die;
Sin had alarmed me, fearing God's face -
But now I'm a sinner saved by grace!

Suffer a sinner whose heart overflows,
Loving His Saviour, to tell what he knows;
Once more to tell it would I embrace -
I'm only a sinner saved by grace!

414 MY WONDERFUL LORD
I have found a deep peace that I never had known
And a joy this world could not afford
Since I yielded control of my body and soul
To my wonderful, wonderful Lord.

Chorus:
My wonderful Lord, my wonderful Lord,
By angels and seraphs in heaven adored!
I know Thou art mine, my Savior divine,
My wonderful, wonderful Lord.

I desire that my life shall be ordered by Thee
That my will be in perfect accord -
With Thine own sov'reign will
Thy desires to fulfill.

All the talents I have - I have laid at Thy feet
Thy approval shall be my reward.
Be my store great or small, I surrender it all
To my wonderful, wonderful Lord.

Thou art fairer to me than the fairest of earth
Thou omnipotent, life-giving Word
O Thou Ancient of Days, Thou art worthy all praise,
My wonderful, wonderful Lord.

415 LORD, FOR THE YEARS

Lord, for the years your love has kept and guided,
Urged and inspired us, cheered us on our way,
Sought us and saved us, pardoned and provided:
Lord for the years, we bring our thanks today.

Lord, for that word, the word of life which fires us,
Speaks to our hearts and sets our souls ablaze,
Teaches and trains, rebukes us and inspires us:
Lord of the word, receive your people's praise.

Lord, for our land in this our generation,
Spirits oppressed by pleasure, wealth and care:
For young and old, for commonwealth and nation,
Lord of our land, be pleased to hear our prayer.

Lord, for our world where men disown and doubt you,
Loveless in strength, and comfortless in pain,
Hungry and helpless, lost indeed without you:
Lord of the world, we pray that Christ may reign.

Lord for ourselves; in living pow'r remake us -
Self on the cross, and Christ upon the throne,
Past put behind us, for the future take us:
Lord of our lives, to live for Christ alone.

416 PASS ME NOT, O GENTLE SAVIOUR

Pass me not, O gentle Saviour,
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Chorus:
Saviour! Saviour!
Hear my humble cry;
While on others Thou art calling,
Do not pass me by.

Let me at Thy throne of mercy
Find a sweet relief;
Kneeling there in deep contrition,
Help my unbelief.

Trusting only in Thy merit,
Would I seek Thy face;
Heal my wounded, broken spirit,
Save me by Thy grace.

Thou the spring of all my comfort,
More than life to me,
Whom have I on earth beside Thee?
Whom in heav'n but Thee?

417 JESUS IS CARING FOR YOU

Don't be afraid, Jesus is watching you.
In the dark night, He is protecting you.
Talk to the Lord, Ask Him to make you brave,
Jesus will hear when you pray.

Chorus:
Jesus is caring for you;
Jesus is helping you too.
Jesus is always there keeping you for He loves you;
Jesus is caring for you;
Jesus is helping you too.
Jesus is with you what-e-ver you do.

You're not alone, Jesus is there with you.
He can't be seen, but He is there it's true.
He is your friend, He'll keep you in His care.
He goes with you ev'rywhere.

418 IVORY PALACES

My Lord has garments so wondrous fine,
And myrrh their texture fills;
Its fragrance reached to this heart of mine,
With joy my being thrills.

Chorus:
Out of the ivory palaces,
Into a world of woe,
Only His great, eternal love
Made my Saviour go.

His life had also its sorrows sore,
For aloes had a part;
And when I think of the cross He bore,
My eyes with teardrops start.

His garments too were in cassia dipped,
With healing in a touch;
Each time my feet in some sin have slipped,
He took me from its clutch.

In garments glorious He will come,
To open wide the door;
And I shall enter my heav'nly home,
To dwell forevermore.

419 HE GIVETH MORE GRACE

He giveth more grace when the burden grow greater;
He sendeth more strength when the labors increase.
To added affliction He addeth His mercy;
To multiplied trials, His multiplied peace.

Chorus:
His love has no limit, His grace has no measure,
His pow'r has no boundary known unto men;
For out of His infinite riches in Jesus,
He giveth, and giveth, and giveth again!

When we have exhausted our store of endurance,
When our strength has failed ere the day is half done,
When we reach the end of our hoarded resources,
Our Father's full giving is only begun.

420 HE TOOK MY SIN

He took my sin, washed me within,
Great was His grace and free!
He gave me to drink His life-giving stream,
Everlasting life-giving stream.

421 GRACE GREATER THAN OUR SIN

Marvellous grace of our loving Lord,
Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt,
Yonder on Calvary's mount outpoured,
There where the blood of the Lamb was spilt.

Chorus:
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that will pardon and cleanse within;
Grace, grace, God's grace,
Grace that is greater than all our sin.

Dark is the stain that we cannot hide,
What can avail to wash it away?
Look! There is flowing a crimson tide;
Whiter than snow you may be today.

Marvellous, infinite, matchless grace,
Freely bestowed on all who believe;
You that are longing to see His face,
Will you this moment His grace receive?

422 I BELONG TO THE KING

I belong to the King, I'm a child of His love,
I shall dwell in His palace so fair;
For He tells of its bliss in yon heaven above,
And His children in splendour shall share.

Chorus:
I belong to the King, I'm a child of His love,
And He ne-ver forsaketh His own;
He will call me someday to His palace above,
I shall dwell by His glorified throne.

I belong to the King, and He loves me I know,
For His mercy and kindness, so free,
Are unceasingly mine wheresoever I go,
And my refuge unfailing is He.

I belong to the King, and His promise is sure,
That we all shall be gathered at last
In His kingdom above, by life's waters so pure,
When this life with its trials is past.

423 GRACE

Lord, as I seek Your guidance for the day,
I find my thoughts unyielding;
Confusion crowds my way.
But then when I bow to You,
The challenges You guide me through;
Your promises are ever new,
I claim them for today.

Chorus:
Your will cannot lead me
Where Your grace will not keep me.
Your hand will protect me. I rest in Your care.
Your eyes will watch over me,
Your love will forgive me.
And when I am faltering, I still will find You there.

424 MY GOD IS GOOD

Where can I find hope in all the trials that You bring?
How can I have joy while suff'ring loss?
When my soul's in prison how can I find cause to sing?
How did You find peace while on the cross?

Chorus:
Though I may never understand, I'll trust with all my heart.
And from the course that You have planned I never want to part.
In searching for Your way and wisdom, teach me if You would,
That for all time, in ev'ry place, my God is good.

How can You give pardon to a life that's full of sin?
Where is there a refuge from my cares?
Is there any healing for a void that lies within,
When silence is Your answer to my prayers?

425 ALONG THE ROAD

Along the road of life, I have a Friend divine
Who walks with me and gently leads the way;
He gives me joy and makes the darkest night to shine,
It is my Lord who won my heart one day.

Chorus:
I do not mind the rough and winding pathway
O'er mountain steep, through valley dark and cold;
It is enough to know He travels by my side
Along the road that leads to streets of gold!

For many years, I did not know His love so true
Until I heard how on the cross He died;
I trusted Him and He became my Saviour too,
And since that day, He's journeyed by my side.

426 SAVIOUR, LIKE A SHEPHERD LEAD US

Saviour, like a shepherd lead us,
Much we need Thy tender care;
In Thy pleasant pastures feed us,
For our use Thy folds prepare:
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus!,
Thou hast bought us, Thine we are;
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus,
Thou hast bought us, Thine we are.

We are Thine; do Thou befriend us,
Be the guardian of our way;
Keep Thy flock, from sin defend us,
Seek us when we go astray:
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray;
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus,
Hear, O hear us when we pray.

Thou hast promised to receive us,
Poor and sinful though we be;
Thou hast mercy to relieve us,
Grace to cleanse, and pow'r to free:
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee.
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus,
Early let us turn to Thee.

Early let us seek Thy favor;
Early let us do Thy will;
Blessed Lord and only Savior,
With Thy love our bosoms fill:
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still;
Blessed Jesus, blessed Jesus,
Thou hast loved us, love us still.

427 THEY THAT WAIT UPON THE LORD

They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength;
They shall mount up with wings like eagles;
They shall run, and not be weary;
They shall walk, and not faint.
Teach me, Lord, teach me, Lord, to wait.

428 SEEKING FOR ME

Jesus, my Saviour, to Bethlehem came,
Born in a manger to sorrow and shame;
Oh it was wonderful-- blest be His Name!
Seeking for me, for me!
Seeking for me, for me! Seeking for me, for me!
Oh it was wonderful-- blest be His Name!
Seeking for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, on Calvary's tree,
Paid the great debt, and my soul He set free;
Oh it was wonderful-how could it be!
Dying for me, for me!
Dying for me, for me! Dying for me, for me!
Oh it was wonderful-how could it be!
Dying for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, the same as of old,
When I was wand'ring afar from the fold,
Gently and long did He plead with my soul,
Calling for me, for me!
Calling for me, for me! Calling for me, for me!
Gently and long did He plead with my soul,
Calling for me, for me!

Jesus, my Saviour, shall come from on high--
Sweet is the promise as weary years fly;
Oh I shall see Him descend from the sky,
Coming for me, for me!
Coming for me, for me! Coming for me, for me!
Oh I shall see Him descend from the sky,
Coming for me, for me!

429 SAVIOUR, GUIDE MY FOOTSEPS

Saviour, guide my footsteps,
Saviour, keep me true,
Saviour, be my Master,
Teach me Thy will to do.

Chorus:
Every moment of the day
Guide my thoughts, my words and actions,
That wherever, Lord, I am,
I will always know Thy plan.
Every moment of the day
Guide my thoughts, my words and actions,
Let my life be wholly Thine, dear Lord, I pray.

Saviour, when I'm weary,
Saviour, guide me through;
Saviour, when I'm fearful,
Teach me to trust in Thee.

430 THE LORD'S MY SHEPHERD

The Lord's my Shepherd I'll not want. He makes me down to lie
In pastures green: He leadeth me the quiet waters by.

My soul He doth restore again;
And me to walk doth make
Within the paths of righteousness,
E'en for His own name's sake.

Yea, though I walk through death's dark vale,
Yet will I fear no ill:
For Thou art with me; and Thy rod
And staff me comfort still.

My table Thou hast furnished
In presence of my foes;
My head Thou dost with oil anoint,
And my cup overflows.

Goodness and mercy all my life
Shall surely follow me:
And in God's house forevermore
My dwelling place shall be.

431 LET THE LORD HAVE HIS WAY

Let the Lord have His way
In your life every day,
There's no rest, there's no peace,
Until the Lord has His way;
Place your life in His hand,
Rest secure in His plan,
Let the Lord, let the Lord have His way.

432 THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD

The Lord is my Shepherd, no want shall I know,
I feed in green pastures, safe-folded I rest;
He leadeth my soul where the still waters flow,
Restores me when wandering, redeems when oppressed,
Restores me when wandering, redeems when oppressed.

Through the valley and shadow of death though I stray,
Since Thou art my guardian, no evil I fear;
Thy rod shall defend me, Thy staff be my stay;
No harm can befall with my Comforter near,
No harm can befall with my Comforter near.

In the midst of affliction my table is spread,
With blessings unmeasured my cup runneth o'er;
With perfume and oil Thou anointest my head;
O what shall I ask of Thy providence more?
O what shall I ask of Thy providence more?

Let goodness and mercy, my bountiful God,
Still follow my steps till I meet Thee above;
I seek, by the path which my forefathers trod
Through land of their sojourn, Thy Kingdom of love,
Through land of their sojourn, Thy Kingdom of love.

433 ALWAYS THE SAME

I am His, He is mine; Jesus knows my name.
I can rest in His arms; He's always the same.
When I fall, when I call, Jesus takes my hand.
Cleansing me, lifting me, He helps me to stand.

Chorus:
Always the same, O praise His name.
Jesus never changes; He's always the same.
Always together, His love is forever.
Jesus never changes; He's always the same.

In His love I'm secure; we shall never part.
In His Word I will trust and give Him all my heart.
In the dark of the night, when my heart would fear,
Lovingly, tenderly, my Saviour is near.

434 UNDER THE CARE OF MY GOD, THE ALMIGHTY

Under the care of my God, the Almighty,
Safe in the secret place of the Most High!
He is my Refuge, the Lord is my Fortress,
Him I am trusting when trouble is nigh.

Chorus:
Under his wings, under his wings,
Safe in the refuge hide thee;
Trusting his truth and faithfulness,
No evil can betide thee.

Be not afraid for the terror of midnight,
Nor for the arrow that hasteth to slay;
Fear not the pestilence walking in darkness,
Nor the destroyer that wasteth by day.

Seek the Most High for thy sure habitation,
Unto Jehovah for refuge now fly;
There shall no evil befall thee nor harm thee,
Unto thy dwelling no plague shall come nigh.

Love thou the Lord, surely he will deliver;
He will exalt thee and answer thy prayer;
He will be with thee to honor and give thee
Life without end, his salvation to share.

435 SHOW ME THY WAY, O LORD

"Show me Thy Way, O Lord, and make it plain:
I would obey Thy word, speak yet again.
I would not take one step until I know
Which way it is that you want me to go.

O Lord, I cannot see; grant me Thy light;
Darkness bewilders me, clouding my sight;
Hold Thou my hand, and keep close by my side:
I dare not go alone; be Thou my guide.

I cannot see Thy face, yet Thou art here;
When will the morning chase my doubts and fear?
When shall I see the place where day and night
Shall come not, for Thy glory is ... its light?

I will be patient, Lord, and do Thy will;
I will not doubt Thy word, my hopes fulfil.
How can I perish, if in Thee I hide;
Jesus, my Comforter, my Hope and Guide!

436 WAIT ON THE LORD

Though the pathway before you uncertain may be,
Trust the Lord no good thing to withhold back from thee.
He is perfect in wisdom and faithful to bless.
Trust His Word; in His time He will give you His best.

Chorus:
They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.
They shall mount up with wings as eagles.
They shall run and not grow weary;
They'll walk and not faint.
Wait, I say, wait on the Lord.

Be not weary in waiting, for love suffers long;
If you faint not, you'll reap when the harvest is come.
Run with patience the race as you rest on His Word,
For your testing will teach you to wait on the Lord.

437 MY SHEPHERD WILL SUPPLY MY NEED

My Shepherd will supply my need;
Jehovah is His Name;
In pastures fresh He makes me feed,
Beside the living stream.
He brings my wand'ring spirit back,
When I forsake His ways;
And leads me, for His mercy's sake,
In paths of truth and grace.

When I walk through the shades of death
Thy presence is my stay;
One word of Thy supporting breath
Drives all my fears away.
Thy hand, in sight of all my foes,
Doth still my table spread;
My cup with blessings overflows,
Thine oil anoints my head.

The sure provisions of my God
Attend me all my days;
O may Thy house be my abode,
And all my work be praise.
There would I find a settled rest,
While others go and come;
No more a stranger, nor a guest,
But like a child at home.

438 HIS WILL DIVINE

Before the world was made, the stars above displayed,
A loving God has made a great design.
Before the planets flew, or earth came into view
Their form was fashioned in the Master's mind.
Now we can see that from eternity
His perfect wisdom carried out a plan
And we are all a part of what was in His heart
The moment when He first created man.

The mountains and the lees, the deserts and the seas
Were made with utmost care from pole to pole.
And in my heart, I know it surely must be so
He has a plan and pattern for my soul;
Why am I here? The reason is so clear.
He made me and He claimed this life of mine.
His life to me He gave, I'm a sinner saved by grace;
My destiny is in His will divine.

439 HIS WAY IS PERFECT

When my way seems dark and drear and the future I don't know,
My heart feels so empty as the tears unending flow.
When my heart breaks with sorrow and a tempest fills my soul,
This one thing I know for sure: my God is in control.

Chorus:
His way is perfect, His way is per-fect.
Though I don't understand His wise and loving plan.
His way is perfect. His way is perfect.
Take my life and make a vessel purified.
God makes no mistakes; His way is best.

When the toils of life are come and my heart is worn with care,
I faint 'neath the burden of a cross I cannot bear.
When the joy has departed from my sorrow-stricken soul,
This one thing I know for sure: my God is in control.

440 HIS EYE IS ON THE SPARROW

Why should I feel discouraged, why should the shadows come,
Why should my heart be lonely and long for heav'n and home
When Jesus is my portion? My constant Friend is He:
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.

Chorus:
I sing because I'm happy, I sing because I'm free,
For His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.

"Let not your heart be troubled," His tender Word I hear,
And resting on His goodness, I lose my doubt and fears;
Though by the path He leadeth but one step I may see:
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me.

Whenever I am tempted, whenever clouds arise,
When songs give place to sighing, when hope within me dies,
I draw the closer to Him, from care He sets me free;
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He cares for me.
His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He cares for me.

441 HE LEADETH ME

He leadeth me, O blessed thought!
O words with heav'nly comfort fraught!
Whate'er I do, where'er I be,
Still 'tis God's hand that leadeth me.

Chorus:
He leadeth me! He leadeth me!
By His own hand He leadeth me;
His faithful foll'wer I would be,
For by His hand He leadeth me.

Sometimes 'mid scenes of deepest gloom,
Sometimes where Eden's bowers bloom,
By waters still, o'er troubled sea,
Still 'tis His hand that leadeth me.

Lord, I would place my hand in Thine,
Nor ever murmur nor repine;
Content, whatever lot I see,
Since 'tis my God that leadeth me.

And when my task on earth is done,
When by Thy grace the vict'ry's won,
E'en death's cold wave I will not flee,
Since God through Jordan leadeth me.

442 HE CARES FOR ME

Our God is far greater than words can make known,
Exalted and holy, He reigns on His throne,
In infinite splendour He rules over all;
Yet He feeds the poor sparrows, and He knows when they fall.

Chorus:
His power is great and will ever endure,
His wisdom is peaceable, gentle and pure.
But greater than all these glories I see,
Is the glorious promise that He cares for me.

The earth and the heav'ns are the work of His hands,
And billions of angels obey His commands.
He guides the great galaxies spinning through space,
Yet He gave us His Son as a gift of His grace.

He rides the wild heavens, He strides through the seas;
The high mountains tremble to hear His decrees.
His voice with great thunderings sounds from above,
But to His own children, He whispers His love.

443 GUIDE ME, O THOU GREAT JEHOVAH

Guide me, O Thou great Jehovah,
Pilgrim through this barren land;
I am weak, but Thou art mighty;
Hold me with Thy pow'rful hand;
Bread of Heaven, Bread of Heaven,
Feed me till I want no more,
Feed me till I want no more.

Open now the crystal fountain,
Whence the healing stream doth flow;
Let the fire and cloudy pillar
Lead me all my journey through;
Strong Deliv'rer, strong Deliv'rer,
Be Thou still my strength and shield,
Be Thou still my strength and shield.

When I tread the verge of Jordan,
Bid my anxious fears subside;
Death of death, and hell's destruction,
Land me safe on Canaan's side;
Songs of praises, songs of praises
I will ever give to Thee,
I will ever give to Thee.

444 THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD I'LL WALK WITH HIM
ALWAY

The Lord is my Shepherd I'll walk with Him alway;
He leads by still waters, I'll walk with Him alway.
Alway, alway, I'll walk with Him alway.
Alway, alway, I'll walk with Him alway.

If I have received Him, He keeps my heart from sin.
At home or on the playground,He helps me live for Him.
For Him, for Him, He helps me live for Him.
For Him, for Him, He helps me live for Him.

445 CASTING ALL YOUR CARE

Casting all your care on Him,
Casting all your care on Him,
Casting all your care,
Casting all your care, for He cares,
He cares for you.

446 GOD HATH NOT PROMISED

God hath not promised skies always blue,
Flow-er strewn pathways all our lives through;
God hath not promised sun without rain,
Joy without sorrow, peace without pain.

Chorus:
But God hath promised strength for the day,
Rest for the labour, light for the way,
Grace for the trials, help from above,
Unfailing sympathy, undying love.

God hath not promised we shall not know
Toil and temptation, trouble and woe;
He hath not told us we shall not bear
Many a burden, many a care.

God hath not promised smooth roads and wide,
Swift, easy travel, needing no guide;
Never a mountain rocky and steep,
Never a river turbid and deep.

447 LORD, KEEP YOUR MIGHTY HAND ON ME

You laid Your hand, mighty Lord, on the range,
Laid Your wonderful hand on the prairie,
Lord, You poured forth the fountains,
Raised up the mountains,
O Lord, keep Your mighty hand on me.
You touched the clouds, made them rain,
From the rain made the sea,
From the sea formed the clouds,
To give us life abundantly.
You have the earth and the sky at Your command, Lord,
O, please keep Your precious hand on me.

448 HEAVEN IS A HAPPY PLACE

Heaven is a happy place,
Happy place, happy place;
Heaven is a happy place, Hallelujah!

No night ever shall be there,
Shall be there, shall be there;
No night ever shall be there, Hallelujah!

Heaven's walls are precious stones,
Precious stones, precious stones;
Heaven's walls are precious stones, Hallelujah!

Heaven's streets are paved with gold,
Paved with gold, paved with gold;
Heaven's streets are paved with gold, Hallelujah!

There God reigns upon His throne,
On His throne, on His throne;
There God reigns upon His throne, Hallelujah!

Jesus is the only way,
Only way, only way;
Jesus is the only way, Hallelujah!

O how happy we will be,
We will be, we will be;
O how happy we will be,Hallelujah!

449 WE'LL UNDERSTAND IT BETTER BY AND BY

Trials dark on every hand,
And we cannot understand
All the ways that God would lead us
To that blessed promised land;
But He'll guide us with His eye,
And we'll follow till we die;
We will understand it better by and by.

Chorus:
By and by, when the morning comes
When the saints of God are gathered home,
We will tell the story how we've overcome;
We will understand it better by and by.

Oft our cherished plans have failed,
Disappointments have prevailed,
And we've wandered in the darkness,
Heavy-hearted and alone;
But we're trusting in the Lord,
And according to His Word,
We will understand it better by and by.

Temptations, hidden snares
Often take us unawares,
And our hearts are made to bleed
For some thoughtless word or deed,
And we wonder why the test
When we try to do our best,
But we'll understand it better by and by.

450 BEYOND THE SUNSET

Beyond the sunset, O blissful morning,
When with our Saviour heav'n is begun.
Earth's toiling ended, O glorious dawning;
Beyond the sunset, when day is done.

Beyond the sunset no clouds will gather,
No storms will threaten, no fears annoy;
O day of gladness, O day unending,
Beyond the sunset, eternal joy!

Beyond the sunset a hand will guide me
To God, the Father, whom I adore;
His glorious presence, His words of welcome,
Will be my portion on that fair shore.

Beyond the sunset, O glad reunion,
With our dear loved ones who've gone before;
In that fair homeland we'll know no parting,
Beyond the sunset for evermore!

451 A ROBE OF WHITE

A robe of white, a crown of gold,
A harp, a home, a mansion fair;
A victor's palm, and joy untold
Are mine when I get there.
For Jesus is my Saviour,
He paid my debt on Calvary's mountain;
I'm happy in His wondrous love,
I'm drinking, yes, I'm drinking at the fountain.

452 TO BE LIKE JESUS

To be like Jesus, to be like Jesus!
All I ask
to be like Him!
All through life's journey
From earth to glory,
All I ask to be like Him.

453 FOR THE HIGHLANDS OF CANAAN

For the highlands of Canaan I'm longing,
I have tasted its corn and wine;
I am going to possess all this land of righteousness,
I will claim it and make it mine.
For the highlands of Canaan I'm longing,
I have tasted its corn and wine;
I have left the dessert sand for the blessed Beulah land,
Hallelujah forever more!

454 HOW LOVELY ARE THY DWELLING PLACES

How lovely are Thy dwelling places,
My soul longs for the courts of the Lord.
My heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God,
You are my King and my God.

455 WE'RE MARCHING TO ZION

Come, we that love the Lord,
And let our joys be known,
Join in a song with sweet accord,
Join in a song with sweet accord,
And thus surround the throne,
And thus surround the throne.

Chorus:
We're marching to Zion,
Beautiful, beautiful Zion;
We're marching upward to Zion,
The beautiful city of God.

Let those refuse to sing
Who never knew our God;
But children of the heav'nly King,
But children of the heav'nly King,
May speak their joys abroad,
May speak their joys abroad.

The hill of Zion yields
A thousand sacred sweets
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Before we reach the heav'nly fields,
Or walk the golden streets,
Or walk the golden streets.

Then let our songs abound,
And every tear be dry;
We're marching through Immanuel's ground,
We're marching through Immanuel's ground,
To fairer worlds on high,
To fairer worlds on high.

456 AWAY FAR BEYOND JORDAN

Away far beyond Jordan,
We'll meet in that land,
O won't it be grand!
Away far beyond Jordan,
We'll meet in that beautiful land.
If you get there before I do,
Look out for me, for I'm coming too.
Away far beyond Jordan,
We'll meet in that beautiful land.

457 THIS WORLD IS NOT MY HOME

This world is not my home, I'm just passing through,
My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue;
The Saviour beckons me from heaven's open door,
And I can't feel at home in this world anymore.

Chorus:
O Lord, you know, I have no friend like You,
If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do?
The Saviour beckons me from heaven's open door,
And I can't feel at home in this world anymore.

Just over in gloryland, we'll live eternally,
The saints on every hand are shouting victory;
Their songs of sweetest praise drifts back from heaven's shore,
And I can't feel at home in this world anymore.

They're all expecting me and that's one thing I know,
My Saviour's pardoned me and now I onward go;
I know He'll take me through though I am weak and poor,
And I can't feel at home in this world anymore.

458 WHEN WE ALL GET TO HEAVEN

Sing the wondrous love of Jesus,
Sing His mercy and His grace;
In the mansions bright and blessed,
He'll prepare for us a place.

Chorus:
When we all get to heaven,
What a day of rejoicing that will be!
When we all see Jesus,
We'll sing and shout the victory.

While we walk the pilgrim pathway,
Clouds will overspread the sky;
But when travelling days are over,
Not a shadow, not a sigh.

Let us then, be true and faithful,
Trusting, serving every day;
Just one glimpse of Him in glory
Will the toils of earth repay.

Onward to the prize before us!
Soon His beauty we'll behold;
Soon the pearly gates will open,
We shall tread the streets of gold.

459 I KNOW WHO HOLDS TOMORROW

I don't know about tomorrow,
I just live from day to day;
I don't borrow from it's sunshine,
For its skies may turn to grey.
I don't worry o'er the future,
For I know what Jesus said;
And today I'll walk beside Him,
For He knows what is ahead.

Chorus:
Many things about tomorrow
I don't seem to understand;
But I know who holds tomorrow,
And I know who holds my hand.

Every step is getting brighter
As the golden stairs I climb;
Every burden's getting lighter,
Every cloud is silver-lined.
There the sun is always shining,
There no tear will dim the eye;
At the ending of the rainbow,
Where the mountains touch the sky.

I don't know about tomorrow,
It may bring me poverty;
But the One who feeds the sparrow,
Is the One who stands by me.
And the path that is my portion,
May be through the flame or flood;
But His presence goes before me,
And I'm covered with His blood.

460 HEAVEN IS A WONDERFUL PLACE

Heaven is a wonderful place, filled with glory and grace
I want to see my Saviour's face, Heaven is a wonderful place.
Jesus is a wonderful Friend, each broken heart He will mend,
He is my companion to the end.
Jesus is a wonderful, Jesus is a marvellous,
Jesus is a glorious Friend.

461 I KNOW WHERE I'M GOING

One day I was wond'ring, what's it all about?
Life is full of heartbreak, restlessness and doubt.
Then a gentle stranger whispered words of love,
Pointed me to heaven, wrote my name above.

Chorus:
I know where I'm go-ing and whom I'm goin' to see;
I have a friend named Je-sus waiting there for me!
He can give life meaning that only He could give,
He gave His life in pay-ment so that I could live.

There are many mansions He's preparing there,
That could not be purchased by a millionaire;
Streets of gold that glitter, gates of pearly white,
In a day eternal where there is no night.

Friend, if you are searching for a better way,
I'm recommending Jesus - trust in Him today;
He will give life meaning like no other can,
Come and travel with me to the promised land.

462 HE THE PEARLY GATES WILL OPEN

Love divine, so great and wondrous,
Deep and mighty, pure, sublime;
Coming from the heart of Jesus --
Just the same through tests of time.

Chorus:
He the pearly gates will open,
So that I may enter in;
For He purchased my redemption
And forgave me all my sin.

Like a sparrow hunted, frightened,
Weak and helpless -- such was I;
Wounded, fallen, yet He healed me --
He will heed the sinner's cry.

Love divine, so great and wondrous!
All my sins He then forgave;
I will sing His praise forever,
For His blood, His pow'r to save.

In life's even-tide, at twilight,
At His door I'll knock and wait;
By the precious love of Jesus
I shall enter heaven's gate.

463 IS NOT THIS THE LAND OF BEULAH?

I am dwelling on the mountain,
Where the golden sunlight gleams,
O'er a land of wondrous beauty,
Far exceeds my fondest dreams;
Where the air is pure, ethereal,
Laden with the breath of flowers,
They are blooming by the fountain,
'Neath the amaranthine bowers.

Chorus:
Is not this the land of Beulah,
Blessed, blessed land of light,
Where the flowers bloom forever,
And the sun is always bright?

I can see far down the mountain,
Where I wandered weary years,
Often hindered in my journey
By the ghosts of doubts and fears,
Broken vows and disappointments
Thickly sprinkled all the way;
But the Spirit led unerring
To the land I hold today.

I am drinking at the fountain,
Where I ever would abide,
For I've tasted life's pure river,
And my soul is satisfied;
There's no thirsting for life's pleasures,
Nor adorning rich and gay,
For I've found a richer treasure,
One that fadeth not away.

Tell me not of heavy crosses,
Nor the burdens hard to bear,
For I've found this great salvation
Makes each burden light appear;
And I love to follow Jesus,
Gladly counting all but dross,
Worldly honors all forsaking
For the glory of the cross.

Oh, the cross has wondrous glory!
Oft I've proved this to be true,
When I'm in the way so narrow,
I can see a pathway through;
And how sweetly Jesus whispers,
"Take the cross, thou need'st not fear,
For I've trod the way before thee,
And the glory lingers near."

464 MEET ME THERE

On the happy, golden shore where the faithful part no more,
When the storms of life are o'er, meet me there;
Where the night dissolves away into pure and perfect day,
I am going home to stay: meet me there.

Chorus:
Meet me there, meet me there,
Where the tree of life is blooming, meet me there.
When the storms of life are o'er, on the happy golden shore,
Where the faithful part no more, meet me there.

Here our fondest hopes are vain; dearest links are rent in twain;
But in heav'n no throb of pain - meet me there;
By the river sparkling bright, in the city of delight,
Where our faith is lost in sight, meet me there.

Where the harps of angels ring, and the blest forever sing,
In the palace of the King, meet me there;
Where in sweet communion blend heart with heart and friend
with friend,
In a world that has no end, meet me there.

465 FACE TO FACE

Face to face with Christ, my Saviour,
Face to face, what will it be?
When with rapture I behold Him,
Jesus Christ who died for me!

Chorus:
Face to face I shall behold Him,
Far beyond the starry sky;
Face to face, in all His glory,
I shall see Him by and by!

Only faintly now I see Him,
With the darkling veil between;
But a blessed day is coming,
When His glory shall be seen.

What rejoicing in His presence,
When are banished grief and pain,
When the crooked ways are straightened
And the dark things shall be plain.

Face to face - O blissful moment!
Face to face - to see and know;
Face to face with my Redeemer,
Jesus Christ who loves me so!

466 DWELLING IN BEULAH

Far away the noise of strife upon my ear is falling,
Then I know the sins of earth beset on every hand;
Doubt and fear and things of earth in vain to me are calling,
None of these shall move me from Beulah Land.

Chorus:
I'm living on the mountain underneath a cloudless sky,
I'm drinking at the fountain that never shall run dry; O yes!
I'm feasting on the manna from a bountiful supply,
For I am dwelling in Beulah Land.

Far below the storm of doubt upon the world is beating,
Sons of men in battle long the enemy withstand:
Safe am I within the castle of God's word retreating,
Nothing then can reach me tis Beulah Land.

Let the stormy breezes blow, their cry cannot alarm me;
I am safely sheltered here, protected by God's hand:
Here the sun is always shining, here there's naught can harm me,
I am safe forever in Beulah Land.

Viewing here the works of God, I sink in contemplation,
Hearing now His blessed voice, I see the way He planned:
Dwelling in the Spirit, here I learn of full salvation,
Gladly will I tarry in Beulah Land.

467 SWEET BY AND BY

There's a land that is fairer than day,
And by faith we can see it afar,
For the Father waits over the way
To prepare us a dwelling place there.

Chorus:
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore;
In the sweet by and by,
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.

We shall sing on that beautiful shore
The melodious songs of the blest;
And our spirits shall sorrow no more-
Not a sigh for the blessing of rest.

To our bountiful Father above
We will offer our tribute of praise,
For the glorious gift of His love
And the blessings that hallow our days.

468 I SHALL KNOW HIM

When my lifework is ended, and I cross the swelling tide,
When the bright and glorious morning I shall see;
I shall know my Redeemer when I reach the other side,
And His smile will be the first to welcome me.

Chorus:
I shall know Him, I shall know Him,
And redeemed by His side I shall stand;
I shall know Him, I shall know Him,
By the print of the nails in His hand.
I shall know Him, I shall know Him,
And redeemed by His side I shall stand;
I shall know Him, by the print of the nails in His hand.

O the soul-thrilling rapture when I view His blessed face,
And the luster of His kindly beaming eye;
How my full heart will praise Him for His mercy, love, and grace,
That prepare for me a mansion in the sky.

469 TAKE TIME TO BE HOLY

Take time to be ho-ly, speak oft with thy Lord;
Abide in Him always, and feed on His Word.
Make friends of God's children; help those who are weak;
Forgetting in nothing His blessing to seek.

Take time to be holy, the world rushes on;
Spend much time in secret with Jesus alone;
By looking to Jesus, like Him thou shalt be;
Thy friends in thy conduct His likeness shall see.

Take time to be holy, let Him be thy Guide;
And run not before Him, whatever betide;
In joy or in sorrow, still follow the Lord,
And, looking to Jesus, still trust in His Word.

Take time to be holy, be calm in thy soul,
Each thought and each motive beneath His control;
Thus led by His Spirit to fountains of love,
Thou soon shalt be fitted for service above.

470 THY WORD HAVE I HID IN MY HEART

Thy Word is a lamp to my feet,
A light to my path alway,
To guide and to save me from sin
And show me the heav'nly way.

Chorus:
Thy Word have I hid in my heart,
That I might not sin against Thee;
That I might not sin, that I might not sin,
Thy Word have I hid in my heart.

Forever, O Lord, is Thy Word
Established and fixed on high;
Thy faithfulness unto all men
Abideth forever nigh.

At morning, at noon, and at night
I ever will give Thee praise;
For Thou art my portion, O Lord,
And shall be through all my days!

Through Him whom Thy Word hath foretold,
The Savior and Morning Star,
Salvation and peace have been brought
To those who have strayed afar.

471 TEACH ME THY WAY, O LORD

Teach me Thy way, O Lord; teach me Thy way!
Thy gracious aid afford, teach me Thy way!
Help me to walk aright, more by faith, less by sight;
Lead me with heav'nly light; teach me Thy way!

When I am sad at heart, teach me Thy way!
When earthly joys depart, teach me Thy way!
In hours of loneliness, in times of dire distress,
In failure or success, teach me Thy way!

When doubts and fears arise; teach me Thy way!
When storms o'erspread the skies, teach me Thy way!
Shine through the cloud and rain, through sorrow, toil, and pain;
Make Thou my pathway plain; teach me Thy way!

Long as my life shall last, teach me Thy way!
Where'er my lot be cast, teach me Thy way!
Until the race is run, until the journey's done,
Until the crown is won, teach me Thy way!

472 TURN YOUR EYES UPON JESUS

O soul, are you weary and troubled?
No light in the darkness you see?
There's light for a look at the Saviour,
And life more abundant and free!

Chorus:
Turn your eyes upon Je - sus;
Look full in His wonderful face;
And the things of earth will grow strangely dim
In the Light of His glory and grace.

Through death into life everlasting
He passed, and we follow Him there;
Over us sin no more hath dominion,
For more than conquerors we are!

His Word shall not fail you He promised;
Believe Him, and all will be well.
Then go to a world that is dying,
His perfect salvation to tell!

473 LET THE BEAUTY OF JESUS BE SEEN IN ME

Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me,
All His wonderful passion and purity;
O Thou Spirit Divine, all my nature refine,
Till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me.

474 HOLY IS THE LORD

Holy, holy, holy; holy is the Lord!
Holy, holy, holy; holy is our God!
He who always liveth, evermore the same;
Heav'n and earth He ruleth; come and praise His name!
Holy, holy, holy; holy is the Lord!
Holy, holy, holy; holy is our God!
Glorious and beloved is the One ador'd,
Holy, holy, holy; holy is the Lord.

475 BLESSED QUIETNESS

Joys are flowing like a river
Since the Comforter has come;
He abides with us for-e-ver,
Makes the trusting heart His home.

Chorus:
Blessed quietness, holy quietness -
What assurance in my soul!
On the stormy sea He speaks peace to me -
How the billows cease to roll!

Bringing life and health and gladness
All around, this heav'nly Guest
Banished unbelief and sadness,
Changed our weariness to rest.

Like the rain that falls from heaven,
Like the sunlight from the sky,
So the Holy Ghost is given,
Coming on us from on high.

See, a fruitful field is growing,
Blessed fruit of righteousness;
And the streams of life are flowing
In the lonely wilderness.

What a wonderful salvation,
Where we always see His face!
What a perfect habitation,
What a quiet resting place!

476 IN THE IMAGE OF GOD

In the image of God, we were made long ago
With a purpose divine - here His glory to show;
But we failed Him one day, and like sheep went astray,
Thinking not of the cost - we His likeness have lost.
But from eternity, God had in mind
The work of Calvary, the lost to find.
From His heaven so broad, Christ came down earth to trod
So that men might live again in the image of God.

Now that I have believed and the Saviour received,
Now that I from the cry of my guilt am relieved,
I will live for my Lord, not for gain nor reward -
But for love, thinking of what His grace has restored!
I'll never comprehend redemption's plan -
How Christ could condescend to die for man.
Such a Saviour I'll praise to the end of my days,
As I upward, onward trod in the image of God.

477 BREATHE ON ME, BREATH OF GOD

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Fill me with life anew,
That I may love what Thou dost love
And do what Thou wouldst do.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Until my heart is pure,
Until with Thee I will one will -
To do and to endure.

Breathe on me, Breath of God,
Till I am wholly Thine,
Till all this earthly part of me
Glows with Thy fire divine.

Breath on me, Breath of God,
So shall I never die,
But live with Thee the perfect life
Of Thine eternity.

478 CHRIST LIVETH IN ME

Once far from God and dead in sin,
No light my heart could see,
But in God's Word the light I found -
Now Christ live - th in me.

Chorus:
Christ liveth in me,
Christ liveth in me;
O what a sal - va - tion this -
That Christ live-th in me.

As rays of light from yonder sun
The flow'rs of earth set free,
So life and light and love came forth
From Christ living in me.

As lives the flow'r within the seed,
As in the cone that tree,
So, praise the God of truth and grace,
His Spirit dwelleth in me.

With longing all my heart is filled
That like Him I may be,
As on the wondrous thought I dwell,
That Christ liveth in me.

479 COME, GRACIOUS SPIRIT, HEAVENLY DOVE

Come, gracious Spi-rit, heav'n-ly Dove,
With light and comfort from above;
Be thou our guardian, thou our guide,
O'er every thought and step preside.

The light of truth to us display
And make us know and choose thy way;
Plant holy fear in every heart,
That we from thee may ne'vr depart.

Lead us to Christ, the living Way,
Nor let us from his precepts stray;
Lead us to holiness, the road
That we must take to dwell with God.

Lead us to heaven, that we may share
Fullness of joy for ever there;
Lead us to God, our final rest,
To be with him for ever blest.

A-men.

480 FILL ME NOW

Hov-er o'er me, Holy Spi-rit,
Bathe my trembling heart and brow;
Fill me with thy hallowed presence,
Come, O come and fill me now.

Chorus:
Fill me now, fill me now,
Jesus, come and fill me now;
Fill me with Thy hallowed presence
Come, O come and fill me now.

Thou canst fill me, gracious Spirit,
Tho I cannot tell Thee how;
But I need Thee, greatly need Thee,
Come, O come and fill me now.

I am weakness, full of weakness,
At Thy sacred feet I bow;
Blest, divine, eternal Spirit,
Fill with pow'r and fill me now.

Cleanse and comfort, bless and save me,
Bathe, O bathe my heart and brow:
Thou art comforting and saving,
Thou art sweetly filling now.

481 THE COMFORTER HAS COME

O spread the tidings 'round, wherever man is found,
Wherever human hearts and human woes abound;
Let every Christian tongue proclaim the joyful sound:
The Comforter has come!

Chorus:
The Comforter has come, the Comforter has come!
The Holy Ghost from heav'n, the Father's promise giv'n;
O spread the tidings 'round, wherever man is found-
The Comforter has come!

The long, long night is past, the morning breaks at last;
And hushed the dreadful wail and fury of the blast,
As o'er the golden hills the day advances fast:
The Comforter has come!

The mighty King of kings, with healing in His wings,
To ev'ry captive soul a full deliv'rance brings;
And through the vacant cells the song of triumph rings:
The Comforter has come!

O boundless Love divine! How shall this tongue of mine
To wond'ring mortals tell the matchless grace divine
That I may with Him dwell, and in His image shine?
The Comforter has come!

482 THE FRUIT OF THE SPIRIT

Chorus:
The fruit of the Spirit is love,
Longsuffering, gentle and kind;
If joy is the Saviour above,
A Christian is what you will find.

Sung after last chorus:
A Christian has Christ on his mind.

We walk in the Spirit together,
We're careful in all that we say.
Not to offend our dear brother
And holding him up when we pray.

Living a life of example-
Pure in the Spirit and true.
Helping our neighbours around us
To know Jesus cares for them too.

483 O BREATH OF LIFE

O Breath of Life, come sweeping through us,
Revive Thy church with life and pow'r;
O Breath of Life, come, cleanse, renew us,
And fit Thy church to meet this hour.

O Wind of God, come bend us, break us,
Till humbly we confess our need;
Then in Thy tenderness remake us,
Revive, restore - for this we plead.

O Breath of Love, come breathe within us,
Renewing thought and will and heart;
Come, Love of Christ, afresh to win us,
Revive Thy church in ev'ry part.

O Heart of Christ, once broken for us,
'Tis there we find our strength and rest;
Our broken contrite hearts now solace,
And let Thy waiting Church be blest.

Revive us, Lord! Is zeal abating
While harvest fields are vast and white?
Revive us, Lord - the world is waiting!
Equip Thy Church to spread the light.

484 O BLESS OUR LORD WITH ONE ACCORD

O bless our God with one accord,
Ye faithful servants of the Lord,
Who in his house do stand by night;
And praise Him there with all your might.

Lift up your hands, in prayer draw nigh
Unto His sanctuary high;
Bless ye the Lord, kneel at His feet,
And worship Him with reverence meet.

Jehovah bless thee from above,
From Zion in His boundless love,
Our God, who heav'n and earth did frame;
Blest be His great and holy name.

485 IT'S NOT BY MIGHT

"It's not by might. It's not by pow'r.
It's by My Spirit," saith the Lord.
"It's not by might. It's not by pow'r.
It's by My Spirit," saith the Lord.

486 HOLY SPIRIT, BREATHE ON ME

Holy Spirit, breathe on me,
My stubborn will subdue;
Teach me in words of living flame
What Christ would have me do.

Chorus:
Breathe on me, breathe on me,
Holy Spirit, breathe on me;
Take Thou my heart, cleanse every part,
Holy Spirit, breathe on me.

Holy Spirit, breathe on me,
Fill me with pow'r divine;
Kindle a flame of love and zeal
Within this heart of mine.

Holy Spirit, breathe on me,
Till I am all Thine own,
Until my will is lost in Thine,
To live for Thee alone.

487 MORE HOLINESS GIVE ME

More holiness give me, more striving within;
More patience in suff'ring, more sorrow for sin;
More faith in my Saviour, more sense of His care;
More joy in His service, more purpose in prayer.

More gratitude give me, more trust in the Lord;
More pride in His glory, more hope in His word;
More tears for His sorrows, more pain at His grief;
More meekness in trial, more praise for relief.

More purity give me, more strength to o'ercome;
More freedom from earth-stains, more longings for home;
More fit for the kingdom, more used would I be;
More blessed and holy, more, Savior, like Thee.

488 IN THESE DAYS

In these days of toil of strife, we must live a holy life,
Serve the Lord in each his way, pray to Him each night and day;
For our foes on every side, in old Satan do abide
And they seek to take away our faith in God.
So let us go to Him in prayer, let Him all our burdens share,
On our way in this old world, we'll safely trod;
So let us go to Him in prayer, let Him all our burdens share -
On our way in this old world, we'll safely trod.

Thank the Lord for all He's done, for the gift of His dear Son,
Life so rich, so full and free - all of this for you and me;
How can we refuse such love from our Father up above,
When He gives us blessings so abundantly!
Then let us search our hearts each day so as not to fall or stray
From the arms of Him who guards us constantly;
Then let us search our hearts each day so as not to fall or stray
From the arms of Him who guards us constantly.

489 PENTECOSTAL POWER

Lord, as of old at Pentecost
Thou didst Thy pow'r display,
With cleansing, purifying flame
Descend on us today.

Chorus:
Lord, send the old-time pow'r, the Pentecostal pow'r!
Thy floodgates of blessing on us throw open wide!
Lord, send the old-time pow'r, the Pentecostal pow'r,
That sinners be converted and Thy name glorified!

For mighty works for Thee, prepare
and strengthen ev'ry heart;
Come, take possession of Thine own,
and nevermore depart.

All self consume, all sin destroy!
With earnest zeal endue
Each waiting heart to work for Thee;
O Lord, our faith renew!

Speak, Lord, before Thy throne we wait,
Thy promise we believe,
And will not let Thee go until
The blessing we receive.

490 LORD BLESS OUR HOME

Fam'lies all around us are crumbling ev'ry day,
Yielding to the enemy and throwing life away.
Bind our lives together, Guard us with Your truth;
When the struggle seems too great, Lord, keep our eyes on You.

Chorus:
Lord, bless our home, protect our home;
Let it be a refuge in this world of sin.
Lord, reign within, keep us strong and true:
And when we need You most,
Lord, draw us close, committed to each other.
Lord, bless our home, we give our home to You.

Thank You for Your goodness; our love was in Your plan.
Help us face the future always trusting in Your hand.
Keep us warm and tender; keep us clean and pure.
Drive us to each other's arms, and make our love endure.

491 HAPPY THE HOME WHEN GOD IS THERE

Happy the home when God is there,
And love fills every breast,
When one their wish and one their prayer
And one their heav'nly rest.

Happy the home where Jesus' name
Is sweet to every ear,
Where children early lisp His fame
And parents hold Him dear.

Happy the home where prayer is heard
And praise is wont to rise,
Where parents love the sacred Word
And all its wisdom prize.

Lord, let us in our homes agree
This blessed peace to gain;
Unite our hearts in love to Thee,
And love to all will reign.

492 O FATHER ALL CREATING

O Father, all creating, whose wisdom, love, and pow'r
First bound two lives together in Eden's primal hour,
Today to these thy children Thine earliest gifts renew -
A home by thee made happy, a love by thee kept true.

O Savior, Guest most bounteous of old in Galilee,
Vouchsafe today thy presence with these who call on thee;
Their store of earthly gladness transform to heavenly wine,
And teach them in the tasting, to know the gift is Thine.

O Spirit of the Father, breathe on them from above,
So mighty in Thy pureness, so tender in Thy love,
That, guarded by Thy presence, from sin and strife kept free,
Their lives may own Thy guidance, their hearts be ruled by Thee.

Except thou build it, Father, the house is built in vain;
Except thou, Savior, bless it, the joy will turn to pain;
But naught can break the union of hearts in Thee made one,
And love thy Spirit hallows is endless love begun.

493 A CHRISTIAN HOME

O give us homes built firm u-pon the Saviour,
Where Christ is Head and Counsellor and Guide;
Where ev'ry child is taught His love and favour
And gives his heart to Christ, the crucified:
How sweet to know that tho' his footsteps waver
His faithful Lord is walking by his side!

O give us homes with godly fathers, mothers,
Who always place their hope and trust in Him;
Whose tender patience turmoil never bothers,
Whose calm and courage trouble cannot dim;
A home where each finds joy in serving others,
And love still shines, tho' days be dark and grim.

O give us homes where Christ is Lord and Master,
The Bible read, the precious hymns still sung;
Where prayer comes first in peace or in disaster,
And praise is natural speech to ev'ry tongue;
Where mountains move before a faith that's vaster,
And Christ sufficient is for old and young.

O Lord, our God, our homes are Thine forever!
We trust to Thee their problems, toil and care;
Their bonds of love no enemy can sever
If Thou art always Lord and Master there:
Be Thou the center of our least endeavour-
Be Thou our Guest, our hearts and homes to share.

494 AMAZING GRACE

Amazing grace - how sweet the sound -
That saved a wretch like me!
I once was lost but now am found,
Was blind but now I see.

'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved;
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed!

Through many dangers, toils and snares,
I have already come;
'Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far,
And grace will lead me home.

Yes, when this heart and flesh shall fail,
And mortal life shall cease,
I shall possess within the veil
A life of joy and peace.

When we've been there ten thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
We've no less days to sing God's praise
Than when we'd first begun.

495 JESUS LOVES THE LITTLE ONES

Jesus loves the little ones like me, me, me,
Jesus loves the little ones like me, me, me,
Little ones like me, Sat upon His knee,
Jesus loves the little ones like me, me, me.

Jesus loves the little ones like you, you, you,
Jesus loves the little ones like you, you, you,
Little ones like you, Save them through and through,
Jesus loves the little ones like you, you, you.

496 AND CAN IT BE

And can it be that I should gain
An interest in the Saviour's blood?
Died He for me, who caused His pain-
For me, who Him to death pursued?
Amazing love! How can it be,
That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?
Amazing love! How can it be,
That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?

'Tis mystery all: th'Immortal dies:
Who can explore His strange design?
In vain the firstborn seraph tries
To sound the depths of love divine.
'Tis mercy all! Let earth adore,
Let angel minds inquire no more.
'Tis mercy all! Let earth adore;
Let angel minds inquire no more.

He left His Father's throne above,
So free, so infinite His grace!
Humbled Himself in matchless love,
And bled for Adam's helpless race.
'Tis mercy all, immense and free;
For, O my God, it found out me!
'Tis mercy all, immense and free;
For, O my God, it found out me!

Long my imprisoned spirit lay
Fast bound in sin and nature's night;
Thine eye diffused a quick'ning ray,
I woke, the dungeon flamed with light;
My chains fell off, my heart was free,
I rose went forth, and followed Thee.
My chains fell off, my heart was free,
I rose, went forth, and followed Thee.

No condemnation now I dread;
Jesus, and all in Him, is mine;
Alive in Him, my living Head,
And clothed in righteousness divine,
Bold I approach th'eternal throne,
And claim the crown, through Christ my own.
Bold I approach th'eternal throne,
And claim the crown, through Christ my own.

497 FOR GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD

For God so loved the world,
He gave His only Son,
To die on Calvary's tree,
From sin to set me free;
Someday He's coming back,
What glory that will be
Wonderful His love to me.

498 JESUS LOVES THE WHOSOEVER

Jesus loves the whoso-e-ver,
Of whatever land they be.
And He gently calls them to Him,
To sal-va-tion full and free.
All the poeple in the wide world,
From the east and to the west,
Not forgetting all the thousands
Living in this blessed land.

Jesus loves the whosoever,
Of whatever land they be.
And He gently calls them to Him,
To salvation full and free.
All the people of Malaysia,
From Penang, down to Johor.
Not forgetting all the thousands,
Living here in Singapore.

499 DOES JESUS CARE

Does Jesus care when my heart is pained
Too deeply for mirth or song,
As the burdens press, and the cares distress,
And the way grows weary and long?

Chorus:
Oh, yes, He cares, I know He cares,
His heart is touched with my grief;
When the days are weary, the long nights dreary,
I know my Saviour cares.

Does Jesus care when my way is dark
With a nameless dread and fear?
As the daylight fades into deep night shades,
Does He care enough to be near?

Does Jesus care when I've tried and failed
To resist some temptation strong;
When in my deep grief I find no relief,
Though my tears flow all the night long?

Does Jesus care when I've said "goodbye"
To the dearest on earth to me,
And my sad heart aches till it nearly breaks-
Is it aught to Him? Does He see?

500 THE LOVE OF GOD

The love of God is greater far
Than tongue or pen can ever tell;
It goes beyond the highest star,
And reaches deep where sinners dwell.
The guilty pair, bowed down with care,
God gave His Son to win;
His erring child He reconciled,
And pardoned from his sin.

Chorus:
O love of God, how rich and pure!
How measureless and strong!
It shall forevermore endure-
The saints' and angels' song.

When hoary time shall pass away,
And earthly thrones and kingdoms fall;
When men who hear refuse to pray,
On rocks and hills and mountains call;
God's love, so pure, shall still endure,
All measureless and strong;
Redeeming grace to Adam's race-
The saints' and angels' song.

Could we with ink the ocean fill,
And were the skies of parchment made;
Were every stalk on earth a quill,
And every man a scribe by trade;
To write the love of God, above
Would drain the ocean dry;
Nor could the scroll contain the whole,
Though stretched from sky to sky.

501 THE WONDER OF IT ALL

There's the wonder of sunset at evening,
The wonder as sunrise I see;
But the wonder of wonders that thrills my soul
Is the wonder that God loves me.

Chorus:
O, the wonder of it all! The wonder of it all!
Just to think that God loves me.
O, the wonder of it all! The wonder of it all!
Just to think that God loves me.

There's the wonder of springtime and harvest,
The sky, the stars, the sun;
But the wonder of wonders that thrills my soul
Is a wonder that's only begun.

502 WIDE, WIDE AS THE OCEAN

Wide, wide as the ocean,
High as the heavens above;
Deep, deep as the deepest sea,
Is my Saviour's love;
I, though so unworthy,
Still am a child of His care,
For His Word teaches me
That His love reaches me everywhere.

503 THE STEADFAST LOVE

The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases,
His mercies never come to an end.
They are new every morning, new every morning,
Great is Thy faithfulness, O Lord,
Great is Thy faithfulness.

504 SHEPHERD OF LOVE

Shepherd of Love, You knew I had lost my way;
Shepherd of Love, You cared that I'd gone astray.
You sought and found me, placed around me
Strong arms that carried me home;
No foe can harm me or alarm me-
Never again will I roam!

Chorus:
Shepherd of Love, Saviour and Lord and Guide,
Shepherd of Love, forever I'll stay by Your side.

Shepherd of love, contentment at last is mine;
Deep in my heart, there's peace and a joy divine.
The future's brighter, burden's lighter,
My cup runs over each day;
Your grace supplied me, now provides me
All that I need for the way.

505 REDEEMING LOVE

From God's heaven to a manger,
From great riches to the poor,
Came the holy Son of God, to seek and save;
From the azure halls of heaven
To a rough and rugged cross,
Jesus came, and here His life for all He gave.

Chorus:
Redeeming love, a love that knows no limit;
Redeeming love, a love that never dies;
My soul shall sing throughout the endless ages
The adoration of this great love on high.

From a loving heavenly Father,
To a world that knew Him not,
Came a man of sorrows, Jesus Christ, the Lord;
In my wandering Jesus found me,
Bought my life with His great love,
Gave to me a peace this world could not afford.

506 JESUS NEVER FAILS

Earthly friends may prove untrue,
Doubts and fears assail;
One still loves and cares for you,
One who will not fail.

Chorus:
Jesus never fails,
Jesus never fails;
Heav'n and earth may pass away,
But Jesus never fails.

Though the sky be dark and drear,
Fierce and strong the gale,
Just remember He is near,
And He will not fail.

In life's dark and bitter hour
Love will still prevail;
Trust His everlasting pow'r -
Jesus will not fail.

507 JESUS LOVES ME

Jesus loves me! This I know,
For the Bible tells me so;
Little ones to Him belong,
They are weak, but He is strong.

Chorus:
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
Yes, Jesus loves me,
The Bible tells me so.

Jesus loves me! He who died,
Heaven's gates to open wide;
He will wash away my sin,
That his child may enter in.

Jesus loves me, loves me still,
When I'm very weak and ill;
From His shining throne on high,
Watches o'er me where I lie.

Jesus loves me! He will stay
Close beside me all the way;
If I trust Him, when I die
He will take me home on high.

508 JESUS LOVES EVEN ME

I am so glad that our Father in heav'n
Tells of His love in the Book He has given;
Wonderful things in the Bible I see;
This is the dearest, that Jesus loves me.

Chorus:
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me;
I am so glad that Jesus loves me,
Jesus loves even me.

Though I forget Him and wander away,
Still He doth love me wherever I stray;
Back to His dear loving arms would I flee
When I remember that Jesus loves me.

Oh, if there's only one song I can sing,
When in His beauty I see the great King,
This shall my song in eternity be:
"O what a wonder that Jesus loves me!"

509 JESUS LOVES THE LITTLE CHILDREN

Jesus calls the children dear, "Come to Me and never fear,
For I love the little children of the world;
I will take you by the hand, lead you to the better land,
For I love the little children of the world."

Chorus:
Jesus loves the little children,
All the children of the world;
Red and yellow, black and white,
They are precious in His sight,
Jesus loves the little children of the world.

Jesus is the Shepherd true, and He'll always stand by you,
For He loves the little children of the world;
He's a Saviour great and strong, and He'll shield you from the wrong,
For He loves the little children of the world.

I am coming, Lord, to Thee, and Thy soldier I will be,
For He loves the little children of the world;
And His cross I'll always bear, and for Him I'll do and dare,
For He loves the little children of the world.

510 HOW MUCH MORE

If human hearts are often tender,
And human hearts can pity know;
If human love is taught with splendour,
And human minds compassion show.

Chorus:
Then how much more shall God our Father
In love forgive, in love forgive?
Then how much more shall God our Father
Our needs supply and none deny.

If sometimes men can live for others,
And sometimes give where gifts are spurned;
If sometimes treat their foes as brothers,
And love where love is not returned.

If men will often share their gladness,
If men respond when children cry;
If men can feel each other's sadness,
Each other's tears attempt to dry.

511 HOW MARVELLOUS HIS LOVE

How marvellous His love,
how marvellous His love.
For me He died on Calv'ry's tree.
How marvellous His love.

How bountiful His grace,
how bountiful His grace.
From deepest sin He ransomed me.
How bountiful His grace.

Oh what a blessed hope,
Oh what a blessed hope.
For me He's coming again someday.
Oh what a blessed hope.

512 JESUS LORD, GRACIOUS GOD

Jesus Lord, gracious God,
He's my heart's delight;
His love divine fills all my soul;
Who can its worth extol?

513 HOW GREAT THOU ART

O Lord my God, when I in awesome wonder
Consider all the worlds Thy hands have made,
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder,
Thy pow'r throughout the universe displayed.

Chorus:
Then sings my soul, my Saviour God, to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Saviour God, to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!

When through the woods and forest glades I wander
And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees,
When I look down from lofty mountain grandeur
And hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze,

And when I think that God, His Son not sparing,
Sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in -
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing,
He bled and died to take away my sin!

When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation
And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart!
Then I shall bow in humble adoration,
And there proclaim, my God, how great Thou art!

514 JESUS, LOVER OF MY SOUL

Jesus, lover of my soul, let me to Thy bosom fly,
While the nearer waters roll, while the tempest still is high:
Hide me, O my Saviour, hide, till the storm of life is past;
Safe into the haven guide; O receive my soul at last!

Other refuge have I none; hangs my helpless soul on Thee;
Leave, ah! leave me not alone, still support and comfort me.
All my trust on Thee is stayed, all my help from Thee I bring;
Cover my defenseless head with the shadow of Thy wing.

Wilt Thou not regard my call? Wilt Thou not accept my prayer?
Lo! I sink, I faint, I fall! Lo, on Thee I cast my care!
Reach me out Thy gracious hand! While I of Thy strength receive,
Hoping against hope I stand, dying, and behold I live.

Thou, O Christ, art all I want; more than all in Thee I find;
Raise the fallen, cheer the faint, heal the sick, and lead the blind.
Just and holy is Thy Name, I am all unrighteousness;
Vile and full of sin I am, Thou art full of truth and grace.

Plenteous grace with Thee is found, grace to cover all my sin;
Let the healing streams abound; make and keep me pure within.
Thou of life the fountain art, freely let me take of Thee;
Spring Thou up within my heart, rise to all eternity.

515 O PERFECT LOVE

O perfect Love, all human thought transcending,
Humbly we come in prayer before Thy throne,
That theirs may be the love which knows no ending,
Whom Thou forevermore dost join in one.

O perfect Life, be Thou their full assurance
Of tender charity and steadfast faith,
Of patient hope and quiet, brave endurance,
With childlike trust that fears no pain nor death.

Grant them the joy which brightens earthly sorrow,
Grant them the peace which calms all earthly strife,
And to life's day the glorious unknown morrow
That dawns upon eternal love and life.

516 O THE LOVE THAT SOUGHT ME

In tenderness He sought me,
Weary and sick with sin,
And on His shoulders brought me
Back to His fold again;
While angels in His presence sang
Until the courts of heaven rang.

Chorus:
O the love that sought me!
O the blood that bought me!
O the grace that brought me to the fold,
Wondrous grace that brought me to the fold!

He washed the bleeding sin-wounds
And poured in oil and wine;
He whispered to assure me,
"I've found thee, thou art Mine:"
I never heard a sweeter voice -
It made my aching heart rejoice!

He pointed to the nail-prints -
For me His blood was shed;
A mocking crown, so thorny,
Was placed upon His head;
I wondered what He saw in me,
To suffer such deep agony.

I'm sitting in His presence,
The sunshine of His face,
While with adoring wonder
His blessings I retrace;
It seems as if eternal days
Are far too short to sound His praise.

So while the hours are passing,
All now is perfect rest;
I'm waiting for the morning,
The brightest and the best,
When He will call us to His side
To be with Him, His spotless bride.

517 O HOW HE LOVES YOU AND ME

O how He loves you and me, O how He loves you and me;
He gave His life - what more could He give?
O how He loves you, O how He loves me,
O how He loves you and me!

Jesus to Calv'ry did go,
His love for mankind to show;
What He did there brought hope from despair:
O how He loves you, O how He loves me,
O how He loves you and me!

518 O LOVE THAT WILT NOT LET ME GO

O Love that wilt not let me go,
I rest my weary soul in Thee;
I give Thee back the life I owe,
That in Thine ocean depths its flow may richer, fuller be.

O Light that follow'st all my way,
I yield my flick'ring torch to Thee;
My heart restores its borrowed ray,
That in Thy sunshine's blaze its day may brighter, fairer be.

O Joy that seekest me through pain,
I cannot close my heart to Thee;
I trace the rainbow through the rain,
And feel the promise is not vain that morn shall tearless be.

O Cross that liftest up my head,
I dare not ask to fly from Thee;
I lay in dust life's glory dead,
And from the ground there blossoms red life that shall endless be.

519 NO ONE EVER CARED FOR ME LIKE JESUS

I would love to tell you what I think of Jesus
Since I found in Him a friend so strong and true;
I would tell you how He changed my life completely,
He did something that no other friend could do.

Chorus:
No one ever cared for me like Jesus,
There's no other friend so kind as He;
No one else could take the sin and darkness from me,
O how much He cared for me.

All my life was full of sin when Jesus found me,
All my heart was full of misery and woe;
Jesus placed His strong and loving arms about me,
And He led me in the way I ought to go.

Ev'ry day He comes to me with new assurance,
More and more I understand His words of love;
But I'll never know just why He came to save me,
Till some day I see His blessed face above.

520 MY SAVIOUR'S LOVE

I stand amazed in the presence
Of Jesus the Nazarene,
And wonder how He could love me,
A sinner condemned, unclean.

Chorus:
How marvelous! How wonderful!
And my song shall ever be:
How marvelous! How wonderful
Is my Saviour's love for me!

For me it was in the garden
He prayed: "Not My will, but Thine";
He had no tears for His own griefs,
But sweatdrops of blood for mine.

He took my sins and my sorrows,
He made them His very own;
He bore the burden to Calvary,
And suffered and died alone.

When with the ransomed in glory
His face I at last shall see,
'Twill be my joy through the ages
To sing of His love for me.

521 MOMENT BY MOMENT

Dying with Jesus, by death reckoned mine;
Living with Jesus, a new life divine;
Looking to Jesus till glory doth shine,
Moment by moment, O Lord, I am Thine.

Chorus:
Moment by moment I'm kept in His love;
Moment by moment I've life from above;
Looking to Jesus till glory doth shine;
Moment by moment, O Lord, I am Thine.

Never a trial that He is not there,
Never a burden that He doth not bear;
Never a sorrow that He doth not share,
Moment by moment, I'm under His care.

Never a heartache and never a groan,
Never a teardrop and never a moan,
Never a danger, but there on the throne,
Moment by moment, He thinks of His own.

Never a weakness that He doth not feel,
Never a sickness that He cannot heal;
Moment by moment, in woe or in weal,
Jesus, my Saviour, abides with me still.

522 LOVE WAS WHEN

Love was when God became a man
Locked in time and space without rank or place;
Love was God born of Jewish kin,
Just a carpenter with some fishermen.
Love was when Jesus walked in history -
Lovingly He brought a new life that's free;
Love was God nailed to bleed and die
To reach and love one such as I.

Love was when God became a man
Down where I could see love that reached to me;
Love was God dying for my sin -
And so trapped was I, my whole world caved in.
Love was when Jesus rose to walk with me -
Lovingly He brought a new life that's free;
Love was God - only He would try
To reach and love one such as I.

To love one such as I.

523 LOVE LIFTED ME

I was sinking deep in sin, far from the peaceful shore,
Very deeply stained within, sinking to rise no more;
But the Master of the sea heard my despairing cry,
From the waters lifted me, now safe am I.

Chorus:
Love lifted me! Love lifted me!
When nothing else could help, love lifted me;
Love lifted me! Love lifted me!
When nothing else could help, love lifted me.

All my heart to Him I give, ever to Him I'll cling,
In His blessed presence live, ever His praises sing,
Love so mighty and so true merits my soul's best songs;
Faithful, loving service, too, to Him belongs.

Souls in danger look above, Jesus completely saves;
He will lift you by His love, out of the angry waves.
He's the Master of the sea, billows His will obey;
He your Savior wants to be - be saved today.

524 LOVE FOUND A WAY

Wonderful love that rescued me, sunk deep in sin,
Guilty and vile as I could be - no hope within;
When ev'ry ray of light had fled, O glorious day!
Raising my soul from out the dead, love found a way.

Chorus:
Love found a way to redeem my soul,
Love found a way that could make me whole;
Love sent my Lord to the cross of shame,
Love found a way - O praise His holy name!

Love brought my Savior here to die on Calvary,
For such a sinful wretch as I - how can it be?
Love bridged the gulf 'twixt me and heav'n, taught me to pray;
I am redeemed, set free, forgiv'n - love found a way.

Love opened wide the gates of light to heav'n's domain,
Where in eternal pow'r and might Jesus shall reign;
Love lifted me from depths of woe to endless day;
There was no help in earth below - love found a way.

525 DEEPER AND DEEPER

Into the heart of Jesus Deeper and deeper I go,
Seeking to know the rea-son Why he should love me so -
Why He should stoop to lift me Up from the miry clay,
Saving my soul, making me whole, Tho I had wandered away

Into the will of Jesus Deeper and deeper I go,
Praying for grace to follow, Seeking His way to know;
Bowing in full surrender Low at His blessed feet,
Bidding Him take, break me and make, Till I am molded and meet.

Into the cross of Jesus Deeper and deeper I go,
Following thru the garden, Facing the dreaded foe;
Drinking the cup of sorrow - Sobbing with broken heart,
"O Saviour, help! dear Saviour, help! Grace for my weakness impart.

Into the joy of Jesus Deeper and deeper I go,
Rising, with soul enraptured, Far from the world below;
Joy in the place of sorrow, Peace in the midst of pain,
Jesus will give, Jesus will give - He will uphold an sustain.

Into the love of Jesus Deeper and deeper I go,
Praising the One who bought me Out of my sin and woe;
And thru eternal ages Gratefully I shall sing,
"O how He loved ! O how He loved ! Jesus, my Lord and my King !"

526 TELL ME THE STORY OF JESUS

Tell me the story of Jesus,
Write on my heart every word;
Tell me the story most precious,
Sweetest that ever was heard.
Tell how the angels, in chorus,
Sang as they welcomed His birth,
Glory to God in the highest!
Peace and good tidings to earth.

Chorus:
Tell me the story of Jesus,
Write on my heart every word;
Tell me the story most precious,
Sweetest that ever was heard.

Fasting alone in the desert,
Tell of the days that are past,
How for our sins He was tempted,
Yet was triumphant at last.
Tell of the years of His labor,
Tell of the sorrow He bore,
He was despised and afflicted,
Homeless, rejected and poor.

Tell of the cross where they nailed Him,
Writhing in anguish and pain;
Tell of the grave where they laid Him,
Tell how He liveth again.
Love in that story so tender,
Clearer than ever I see:
Stay, let me weep while you whisper,
Love paid the ransom for me.

527 TELL ME THE STORIES OF JESUS

Tell me the stories of Jesus I love to hear;
Things I would ask Him to tell me if He were here:
Scenes by the wayside, tales of the sea,
Stories of Je-sus, tell them to me.

First let me hear how the children stood round His knee,
And I shall fancy His blessing resting on me;
Words full of kindness, deeds full of grace,
All in the lovelight of Jesus' face.

Into the city I'd follow the children's band,
Waving a branch of the palm tree high in my hand;
One of His heralds, yes, I would sing
Loudest hosannas, Jesus is King!

528 THE NAME OF JESUS

The name of Jesus is so sweet,
I love its music to repeat;
It makes my joys full and complete,
The precious name of Jesus!

Chorus:
Jesus, O how sweet the name!
Jesus, every day the same;
Jesus, let all saints proclaim
Its worthy praise fore-ver!

I love the name of Him whose heart
Knows all my griefs and bears a part;
Who bids all anxious fears depart-
I love the name of Jesus!

That name I fondly love to hear,
It never fails my heart to cheer;
Its music dries the falling tear,
Exalt the name of Jesus!

No word of man can ever tell
How sweet the name I love so well;
O let its praises ever swell,
O praise the name of Jesus!

529 TELL ME THE OLD, OLD STORY

Tell me the old, old story of unseen things above,
Of Jesus and His glory, of Jesus and His love.
Tell me the story simply, as to a little child,
For I am weak and weary, and helpless and defiled.

Chorus:
Tell me the old, old story, tell me the old, old story,
Tell me the old, old story, of Jesus and His love.

Tell me the story slowly, that I may take it in-
That wonderful redemption, God's remedy for sin.
Tell me the story often, for I forget so soon;
The early dew of morning has passed away at noon.

Tell me the story softly, with earnest tones and grave;
Remember, I'm the sinner whom Jesus came to save.
Tell me the story always, if you would really be,
In any time of trouble, a comforter to me.

Tell me the same old story when you have cause to fear
That this world's empty glory is costing me too dear.
Yes, and when that world's glory is dawning on my soul,
Tell me the old, old story-- Christ Jesus makes thee whole.

530 THAT BEAUTIFUL NAME

I know of a name, a beautiful name,
That angels brought down to earth;
They whispered it low, one night long ago,
To a maiden of lowly birth.

Chorus:
That beautiful Name, That beautiful Name,
From sin has pow'r to free us!
That beautiful Name, That wonderful Name,
That matchless Name is Jesus!

I know of a Name, a beautiful Name,
That unto a babe was given;
The stars glittered bright, throughout that glad night,
And angels praised God in heav'n.

The One of that Name, my Saviour became,
My Saviour of Calvary;
My sins nailed Him there, my burdens He bare,
He suffered all this for me.

I love that blest Name, That wonderful Name,
Made higher than all in heav'n;
'Twas whispered, I know, in my heart long ago-
To Jesus my life I've giv'n.

531 LET'S TALK ABOUT JESUS

Let's talk about Jesus, let all the world proclaim
The pow'r and majesty of such a wondrous name;
The Babe of Bethlehem, the Bright and Morning Star,
Let's sing His praises near and far.

Let's talk about Jesus, the Bread of Life is He,
The Saviour of the world, that Man of Galilee;
The Prophet, Priest and King, the Mighty God is He,
The Well of Living Water free.

Let's talk about Jesus, the Prince of Peace is He,
The Great Physician too, down through all history;
The Lily pure and white, the Rose of Sharon fair,
The Shepherd of such tender care.

Let's talk about Jesus, the King of kings is He,
The Lord of lords supreme, through all eternity;
The great I AM, the Way, the Truth, the Life, the Door,
Let's talk about Jesus more and more.

532 O HOW I LOVE JESUS
There is a name I love to hear,
I love to sing its worth;
It sounds like music in my ear,
The sweetest name on earth.

Chorus:
O, how I love Jesus,
O, how I love Jesus,
O, how I love Jesus -
Because He first loved me!

It tells me of a Saviour's love,
Who died to set me free;
It tells me of His precious blood,
The sinner's perfect plea.

It bids my trembling soul rejoice,
And dries each rising tear;
It tells me in a still small voice
To trust and never fear.

Jesus, the name I love so well,
The name I love to hear;
No saint on earth its worth can tell,
No heart conceive how dear.

This name shall be a comfort still
Along life's thorny road,
Shall sweetly smooth the rugged hill
That leads me up to God.

And there, with all the blood-bought throng,
From sin and sorrow free,
I'll sing the new eternal song
Of Jesus' love to me.

533 HOW SWEET THE NAME OF JESUS

How sweet the name of Jesus sounds
In a believer's ear!
It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds,
And drives away his fear, and drives away his fear.

It makes the wounded spirit whole,
And calms the troubled breast;
'Tis manna to the hungry soul,
And to the weary, rest. And to the weary, rest.

Dear name! the rock on which I build,
My shield and hiding place;
My never-failing treasure, filled
With boundless stores of grace! With boundless stores of grace!

Jesus, my Shepherd, Brother, Friend,
My Prophet, Priest and King,
My Lord, my Life, my Way, my End,
Accept the praise I bring, accept the praise I bring.

534 JESUS IS THE SWEETEST NAME I KNOW

There have been names that I have loved to hear,
But never has there been a name so dear
To this heart of mine, as the name divine,
The precious, precious name of Jesus.

Chorus:
Jesus is the sweetest name I know,
And He's just the same as His lovely name,
And that's the reason why I love Him so;
Oh, Jesus is the sweetest name I know.

There is no name in earth or heav'n above,
That we should give such bonor and such love,
As the blessed name, let us all acclaim,
That wondrous, glorious name of Jesus.

And some day I shall see Him face to face
To thank and praise Him for His wondrous grace,
Which He gave to me, when He made me free,
The blessed Son of God called Jesus.

535 HIS NAME IS WONDERFUL

His name is Wonderful, His name is Wonderful,
His name is Wonderful, Jesus my Lord;
He is the mighty King, master of ev'rything;
His name is Wonderful, Jesus my Lord.
He's the great Shepherd, the Rock of all ages,
Almighty God is He;
Bow down before Him, love and adore Him,
His name is Wonderful, Jesus my Lord.

536 IT'S A LOVELY NAME

It's a lovely, lovely name, The name of Jesus,
It's a lovely, lovely name from heaven above;
Dispelling the clouds of doubt and fear,
Filling the saddened heart with cheer,
It's a lovely, lovely name,
The name I love.

537 THE NAME HIGH OVER ALL

Jesus! the name high over all, in hell or earth or sky:
Angels and men before it fall, and devils fear and fly.
Jesus! The name to sinners dear, the name to sinners giv'n;
It scatters all their guilty fear, it turns their hell to heav'n.

Jesus! the prisoner's fetters breaks, and bruises Satan's head;
Power into strengthless souls it speaks, and life into the dead.
O that the world might taste and see, the riches of His grace;
The arms of love that compass me, would all mankind embrace.

His only righteousness I show, his saving truth proclaim;
'Tis all my business here below to cry "Behold the Lamb!"
Happy, if with my latest breath I may but gasp His name,
Preach Him to all and cry in death, "Behold, behold the Lamb!"

538 ISN'T HE WONDERFUL?

Isn't He wonderful? Isn't He wonderful?
Isn't Jesus, my Lord, wonderful?
Eyes have seen, ears have heard,
'Tis recorded in God's Word,
Isn't Jesus, my Lord, wonderful?

539 HIS NAME IS HIGHER

His name is higher than any other
His name is Jesus, His name is Lord.
His name is higher than any other,
His name is Jesus, His name is Lord.

His name is Wonderful, His name is Counsellor,
His name is Prince of Peace, the mighty God.
His name is higher than any other,
His name is Jesus, His name is Lord.

His name's a fountain of living water,
His name is Bread of Life to satisfy.
His name is healing for every nation,
His name is Jesus, His name is Lord.

540 LOOK TO THE LAMB OF GOD

If you from sin are longing to be free,
Look to the Lamb of God;
He, to redeem you, died on Calvary,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Chorus:
Look to the Lamb of God,
Look to the Lamb of God,
For He alone is able to save you,
Look to the Lamb of God.

When Satan tempts, and doubts and fears assail,
Look to the Lamb of God;
You in His strength shall over all prevail,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Are you a-weary, does the way seem long?
Look to the Lamb of God;
His love will cheer and fill your heart with song,
Look to the Lamb of God.

Fear not when shadows on your pathway fall,
Look to the Lamb of God;
In joy or sorrow Christ is all in all,
Look to the Lamb of God.

541 PRAISE THE NAME OF JESUS

Praise the name of Jesus,
Praise the name of Jesus.
He's my Rock, He's my Fortress,
He's my Deliverer, in Him will I trust.
Praise the name of Je-sus.

Praise Jehovah-Jireh,
Praise Jehovah-Jireh.
He's my Source, He's my Sufficiency,
He's my Provider, in Him will I trust.
Praise Jehovah-Jireh.

Praise Jehovah-Shalom,
Praise Jehovah-Shalom.
He's my Peace, He's my Comfort,
He's my Security, in Him will I trust.
Praise Jehovah-Shalom.

Praise Jehovah-Shammah,
Praise Jehovah-Shammah.
He's my Friend, He's my Faithfulness,
He's my Omnipresent, in Him will I trust.
Praise Jehovah-Shammah.

542 ALL THAT THRILLS MY SOUL

Who can cheer the heart like Jesus,
By His presence all divine?
True and tender, pure and precious,
O how blest to call Him mine!

Chorus:
All that thrills my soul is Jesus;
He is more than life to me;
And the fairest of ten thousand
In my blessed Lord I see.

Love of Christ so freely given, Grace of God beyond degree,
Mercy higher than the heaven, Deeper than the deepest sea!

What a wonderful redemption! Never can a mortal know
How my sin, tho' red like crimson, Can be whiter than the snow.

Ev'ry need His hand supplying, Ev'ry good in Him I see;
On His strength divine relying, He is all in all to me.

By the crystal flowing river With the ransomed I will sing,
And forever and forever Praise and glorify the King.

543 ALL THINGS WORK OUT FOR GOOD

All things work out for good, we know-
Such is God's great design;
He orders all our steps below
For purposes divine,
For purposes divine.

This is the faith that keeps me still,
No matter what the test,
And lets me glory in His will-
For well I know tis' best,
For well I know tis' best.

So now the future holds no fear,
God guards the work begun;
And mortals are immortal here
Until their work is done,
Until their work is done.

Some day the path He chose for me
Will all be understood;
In heaven's clearer light I'll see
All things work'd out for good,
All things work'd out for good.

544 BEFORE I LOVED HIM

Lost in the darkness I stumbled alone,
Far from the sunlight of day;
Then Jesus found me and made me His own;
He drove my darkness away.

Chorus:
Before I loved Him, He loved me.
Before I found Him, He found me.
Before I sought Him, He sought for me.
Yes, Jesus cares for me.

Chilled in the shadows, I wandered in sin,
Far from the warmth of the light;
Then Jesus found me and changed me within,
Kindled His love in the night.

Now in the sunlight I follow His Word
Through every trial and test.
He is my Saviour and He is my Lord;
Gladly I give Him my best.

545 BLESSED ASSURANCE

Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
O what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God,
Born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.

Chorus:
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long;
This is my story, this is my song,
Praising my Saviour all the day long.

Perfect submission, perfect delight,
Visions of rapture now burst on my sight;
Angels descending, bring from above
Echoes of mercy, whispers of love.

Perfect submission, all is at rest,
I in my Saviour am happy and blest;
Watching and waiting, looking above,
Filled with His goodness, lost in His love.

546 CONSTANTLY ABIDING

There's a peace in my heart that the world never gave,
A peace it cannot take away;
Tho' the trials of life may surround like a cloud,
I've a peace that has come there to stay!

Chorus 4/4:
Constantly abiding, Jesus is mine;
Constantly abiding, rapture divine;
He never leaves me lonely, whispers, O so kind:
"I will never leave thee," Jesus is mine.

All the world seemed to sing of a Saviour and King,
When peace sweetly came to my heart;
Troubles all fled away and my night turned to day,
Blessed Jesus, how glorious Thou art!

This treasure I have in a temple of clay,
While here on His footstool I roam:
But He's coming to take me some glorious day,
Over there to my heavenly home!

547 DEEP IN MY HEART THERE'S A GLADNESS

Deep in my heart there's a gladness;
Jesus has saved me from sin!
Praise to His name, what a Saviour!
Cleansing without and within!

Chorus:
Why do I sing about Jesus?
Why is He precious to me?
He is my Lord and my Saviour;
Dying, He set me free!

Only a glimpse of His goodness;
That was sufficient for me.
Only one look at the Savior;
Then was my spirit set free.

He is the fairest of fair ones;
He is the Lily, the Rose;
Rivers of mercy surround Him,
Grace, love, and pity He shows.

548 EACH STEP I TAKE

Each step I take my Saviour goes before me,
And with His loving hand He leads the way;
And with each breath I whisper, I adore Thee;
O what joy to walk with Him each day.

Chorus:
Each step I take, I know that He will guide me;
To higher ground He ever leads me on;
Until someday the last step will be taken.
Each step I take just leads me closer Home.

At times I feel my faith begin to waver,
When up ahead I see a chasm wide.
And then I turn and look up to my Saviour,
I am strong when He is by my side.

I trust in God, no matter come what may,
For life eternal is in His hand,
He holds the key that opens up the way.
That will lead me to the promised land.

549 FROM EVERY STORMY WIND THAT BLOWS

From ev'ry stormy wind that blows,
From ev'ry swelling tide of woes,
There is a calm, a sure retreat -
'Tis found beneath the mercy seat.

There is a place where Jesus sheds
The oil of gladness on our heads,
A place than all besides more sweet -
It is the blood bought mercy seat.

There is a scene where spirits blend,
Where friend holds fellowship with friend;
Tho sundered far, by faith they meet
Around one common mercy seat.

Ah! whither could we flee for aid
When tempted, desolate, dismayed,
Or how the hosts of hell defeat,
Had suff'ring saints no mercy seat?

Ah! there on eagle wings we soar,
And sin and sense molest no more;
And heav'n comes down our souls to greet,
While glory crowns the mercy seat.

550 GOD CAN DO ANYTHING

God can do anything, anything, anything,
God can do anything but fail;
He can save, He can keep, He can cleanse, and He will,
God can do anything but fail.
He's the Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul;
God can do anything, anything, anything,
God can do anything but fail;

551 BE STILL AND KNOW

Be still and know that I am God.
Be still and know that I am God.
Be still and know that I am God.

I am the Lord that healeth thee.
I am the Lord that healeth thee.
I am the Lord that healeth thee.

552 I WILL FOLLOW WHERE HE LEADETH

O I love to walk with Jesus Like the publicans of old,
When He gathered them about Him And the blessèd tidings told;
How He came to bring deliverance To the captives in distress,
Take away our ev'ry burden, Giving perfect peace and rest.

Chorus:
I will follow where He leadeth; I will pasture where He feedeth.
I will follow all the way, Lord. I will follow Jesus ev'ry day.

O I love to walk with Jesus Like the man of long ago
Who had tarried by the wayside Near the gates of Jericho,
Jesus heard his cry for mercy, Gave him back his sight that day,
And immediately he followed Jesus all along the way.

O I love to walk with Jesus All the way to Calv'ry's brow,
Gaze upon that scene of suffering While my tears of sorrow flow.
There He tells me how He loves me- Takes my ev'ry sin away;
So I follow Him so gladly, Lead me anywhere He may.

O sometime I'll walk with Jesus In that land of endless day,
When our journey here is over And we've reached our home to stay.
Then I'll walk with him forever, Sing His praises o'er and o'er,
And with all the saints in glory Love, and worship, and adore.

553 WONDERFUL PEACE

Far away in the depths of my spirit tonight
Rolls a melody sweeter than psalm;
In celestial-like strains it unceasingly falls
O'er my soul like an infinite calm.

Chorus:
Peace! Peace! wonderful peace,
Coming down from the Father above,
Sweep over my spirit forever, I pray,
In fathomless billows of love.

What a treasure I have in this wonderful peace
Buried deep in the heart of my soul,
So secure that no power can mine it away
While the years of eternity roll.

I am resting tonight in this wonderful peace,
Resting sweetly in Jesus' control,
For I'm kept from all danger by night and by day,
And His glory is flooding my soul.

And me thinks when I rise to that city of peace
Where the Author of peace I shall see,
That one strain of the song which the ransomed will sing
In that heavenly kingdom will be:

Ah! Soul, are you here without comfort and rest,
Marching down the rough pathway of time?
Make Jesus your friend ere the shadows grow dark-
O accept of this peace so sublime!

554 THERE'S A NEW SONG IN MY HEART

There's a new song in my heart.
Since the Saviour set me free.
There's a new song in my heart -
'Tis a heav'nly harmony!
All my sins are washed away,
In the blood of Calvary;
O what peace and joy. Nothing can destroy.
There's a new song in my heart!

555 THE SOLID ROCK

My hope is built on nothing less
Than Jesus' blood and righteousness;
I dare not trust the sweetest frame,
But wholly lean on Jesus' name.

Chorus:
On Christ, the solid Rock, I stand;
All other ground is sinking sand,
All other ground is sinking sand.

When darkness veils His lovely face,
I rest on His unchanging grace;
In every high and stormy gale,
My anchor holds within the veil.

His oath, His covenant, His blood
Support me in the whelming flood;
When all around my soul gives way,
He then is all my hope and stay.

When He shall come with trumpet sound,
Oh may I then in Him be found;
Dressed in His righteousness alone,
Faultless to stand before the throne.

556 SWEET PEACE, THE GIFT OF GOD'S LOVE

There comes to my heart one sweet strain,
A glad and a joyous refrain;
I sing it again and again-
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

Chorus:
Peace, peace, sweet peace!
Wonderful gift from above!
Oh wonderful, wonderful peace!
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love!

Through Christ on the cross peace was made,
My debt by His death was all paid,
No other foundation is laid
For peace, the gift of God's love.

When Jesus as Lord I had crowned,
My heart with this peace did abound;
In Him the rich blessing I found-
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

In Jesus for peace I abide,
And as I keep close to His side,
There's nothing but peace doth be-tide-
Sweet peace, the gift of God's love.

557 THERE'S A DEEP, DEEP PEACE

There's a deep, deep, peace, dwelling in my heart,
Telling of my Saviour's love for me.
There's a deep, deep, peace, dwelling in my heart,
Telling of my Saviour's love for me.
His promises, they shall never fail,
They shall never fail- O, they shall never fail!
There's a deep, deep, peace, dwelling in my heart,
Telling of my Saviour's love for me.

558 THERE'S A GLADNESS IN MY HEART

There's a gladness in my heart today;
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord!
For my many sins are washed away;
Halelujah, Praise the Lord!
I go singing on my way,
All my night has turn'd to day;
And ever by His side I'll stay;
Halelujah, Praise the Lord.

559 THOU WILT KEEP HIM IN PERFECT PEACE

Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace
Whose mind is stayed on Thee;
When the shadows come and darkness falls,
He giveth inward peace;
O He is the only perfect resting place-
He giveth perfect peace!
Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace
Whose mind is stay'd on Thee.

560 THE SPACIOUS FIRMAMENT ON HIGH

The spacious firmament on high,
With all the blue, ethereal sky,
And spangled heav'ns, a shining frame,
Their great original proclaim:
The unwearied sun, from day to day,
Does his Creator's pow'r display;
And publishes to ev'ry land
The work of an almighty hand.

Soon as the evening shades prevail,
The moon takes up the wondrous tale;
And nightly, to the list'ning earth,
Repeats the story of her birth;
Whilst all the stars that round her burn,
And all the planets in their turn,
Confirm the tidings as they shine,
"The hand that made us is divine."

If rock and fire, though mindless, mute,
Of soul and spirit destitute,
Can their Creator's praises sing
And tell the glories of their King,
Then I, so blest with gifts divine
Of heart and soul, of voice and mind,
Must far surpass the starry throng
In burning bright with heav'nly song!

561 I COME TO THE GARDEN

I come to the garden alone,
While the dew is still on the roses,
And the voice I hear, falling on my ear,
The Son of God discloses.

Chorus:
And He walks with me, and He talks with me,
And He tells me I am His own;
And the joy we share as we tarry there,
None other has ever known.

He speaks, and the sound of His voice
Is so sweet the birds hush their singing,
And the melody that He gave to me,
Within my heart is ringing.

562 I HAVE GOT A FRIEND THAT'S TRUE

I have got a Friend that's true,
Someone who will see me through,
He guides me in all I do,
His name is Jesus.
When I stumble He is there,
All my troubles He will share,
He's my Saviour, the One who cares,
His name is Jesus.
However great the storm,
He will make the waters calm,
And through the darkest night,
Jesus is the Guiding Light.
I find comfort when I read
Of the things He's done for me,
Yes, I've got a Friend indeed,
His name is Jesus, His name is Jesus.

When the road seems hard and long
And things keep on going wrong,
Someone always makes me strong,
His name is Jesus.
Sometimes on life's restless waves,
I'm a ship without a sail,
But my Captain will never fail,
His name is Jesus.
The joy that he imparts
Brings a warmness to my heart
That's far beyond compare
To the earthly joys I share.
While I walk and talk with Him,
All my battles He will win,
He helps me in everything,
His name is Jesus, His name is Jesus.

Friends around me, young and old,
Don't be orphans in the cold,
Come to One who loves you so,
His name is Jesus.
Earthly treasures you possess
Won't give deep down happiness,
Only One ever will do that,
His name is Jesus.
This modern world today
Soon can lead your heart astray,
There's so much sin and strife
Creeping into every life.
Yet there's one sure way you can
Overcome the Devil's plan,
Put your faith and trust in One,
His name is Jesus, His name is Jesus.

563 HOW FIRM A FOUNDATION

How firm a foundation, ye saints of the Lord,
Is laid for your faith in His excellent Word!
What more can He say than to you He hath said,
To you who for refuge to Jesus have fled?

Fear not, I am with thee, O be not dismayed,
For I am thy God, I will still give thee aid;
I'll strengthen thee, help thee, and cause thee to stand,
Upheld by My gracious, omnipotent hand.

When through the deep waters I call thee to go,
The rivers of sorrow shall not overflow,
For I will be with thee, thy trials to bless,
And sanctify to thee thy deepest distress.

When through fiery trials thy pathway shall lie,
My grace all-sufficient shall be thy supply;
The flames shall not hurt thee; I only design
Thy dross to consume, and thy gold to refine.

The soul that on Jesus hath leaned for repose,
I will not, I will not desert to his foes;
That soul, though all hell should endeavor to shake,
I'll never , no never, no never forsake!

564 HOW CAN I FEAR

When shadows fall and the night covers all,
There are things that my eyes cannot see.
I'll never fear, for the Saviour is near;
My Lord abides with me.

Chorus:
How can I fear? Jesus is near.
He ever watches over me.
Worries all cease; He gives me peace.
How can I fear with Jesus?

When I'm alone and I face the unknown,
And I fear what the future may be,
I can depend on the strength of my Friend -
He walks along with me.

Jesus is King, He controls everything;
He is with me each night and each day.
I trust my soul to the Saviour's control;
He drives all fear away.

565 HIDING IN THEE

O safe to the Rock that is higher than I,
My soul in its conflicts and sorrows would fly;
So sinful, so weary, Thine, Thine would I be;
Thou blest "Rock of Ages," I'm hiding in Thee.

Chorus:
Hiding in Thee, Hiding in Thee,
Thou blest "Rock of Ages," I'm hiding in Thee.

In the calm of the noon-tide, in sorrow's lone hour,
In times when temptation casts o'er me its pow'r;
In the tempests of life, on its wide, heaving sea,
Thou blest "Rock of Ages," I'm hiding in Thee.

How oft in the conflict, when pressed by the foe,
I have fled to my Refuge and breathed out my woe;
How often, when trials like sea billows roll,
Have I hidden in Thee, O Thou Rock of my soul.

566 HE KNOWS MY FIERY TRIAL

Though He should slay me I'll trust in Him.
His way is never wrong.
In darkness I will praise His name.
He is my strength and song.

Chorus:
For He knows my fi'ry trial;
He knows the way I take.
His glory shall be seen,
And He makes no mistake.

God sees my ways and counts my steps.
He hears my silent cry.
My heart is fixed; I trust in Him.
I need not ask Him why.

My faith and hope are in the Lord,
My refuge and high tow'r.
In quietness and confidence,
Shall be my strength this hour!

567 HE KEEPS ME SINGING

There's within my heart a melody,
Jesus whispers sweet and low,
"Fear not, I am with thee, peace, be still,"
In all of life's ebb and flow.

Chorus:
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus - sweetest name I know,
Fills my ev'ry longing, keeps me singing as I go.

All my life was wrecked by sin and strife,
Discord filled my heart with pain;
Jesus swept across the broken strings,
Stirred the slumb'ring chords again.

Feasting on the riches of His grace,
Resting 'neath His shelt'ring wing,
Always looking on His smiling face,
That is why I shout and sing.

Though sometimes He leads through waters deep,
Trials fall across the way,
Though sometimes the path seems rough and steep,
See His footprints all the way.

Soon He's coming back to welcome me
Far beyond the starry sky;
I shall wing my flight to worlds unknown,
I shall reign with Him on high.

568 HAPPINESS IS THE LORD

Happiness is to know the Saviour,
Living a life within His favour,
Having a change in my behaviour,
Happiness is the Lord.
Happiness is a new creation,
Jesus and me in close relation,
Having a part in His salvation,
Happiness is the Lord.
Real joy is mine, no matter if teardrops start;
I've found the secret -
It's Jesus in my heart! Hallelujah!
Happiness is to be forgiven,
Living a life that's worth the living,
Taking a trip that leads to heaven,
Happiness is the Lord,
Happiness is the Lord,
Happiness is the Lord!

569 MY WONDERFUL SHEPHERD

The Lord's my wonderful Shepherd,
In Him I shall not want;
He makes me lie down in green pastures,
He leads me to waters still;
To me my soul He restoreth,
In righteous pathways He leads;
He leads me for His own name's sake.
So gently leadeth me;
The Lord's my wonderful Shepherd,
He gently leads me home.

My soul He sweetly restoreth,
To righteousness and peace;
Yea, through death's valley of shadow,
With Him shall I safely go;
The darkness shall not affright me.
For Thou art by my side;
Thy rod, Thy staff they comfort me.
No ill shall ever betide;
The Lord's my wonderful Shepherd,
He gently leads me home.

A table Thou hast prepared me
In presence of my foes;
My head with oil Thou hast 'nointed,
My cup it doth overflow;
Goodness and mercy shall follow,
Through all the days of my life;
And in God's house will I dwell evermore.
In mansions fair will I dwell;
The Lord's my wonderful Shepherd,
He gently leads me home.

570 WITH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE

With God all things are possible,
This is my theme and song;
With God, a blessed partnership,
A union sure and strong.
Linked up with God the Father
Through Jesus Christ the Son,
All things are possible to those
Who put their trust in God.

571 MY FAITH HAS FOUND A RESTING PLACE

My faith has found a resting place,
Not in device or creed;
I trust the Ever-living One;
His wounds for me shall plead.

Chorus:
I need no other argument,
I need no other plea;
It is enough that Jesus died,
And that He died for me.

Enough for me that Jesus saves,
This ends my fear and doubt;
A sinful soul I come to Him,
He'll never cast me out.

My heart is leaning on the Word,
The written Word of God,
Salvation by my Savior's Name,
Salvation through His blood.

My great Physician heals the sick,
The lost He came to save;
For me His precious blood He shed,
For me His life He gave.

572 I'VE GOT THE JOY

I've got the joy, joy, joy, joy,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart, down in my heart;
I've got the joy, joy, joy, joy,
Down in my heart, Down in my heart today.

I've got the peace that passeth understanding
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart, down in my heart;
I've got the peace that passeth understanding
Down in my heart, down in my heart today.

For there is therefore now no condemnation,
Down in my heart,
Down in my heart, down in my heart;
For there is therefore now no condemnation,
Down in my heart, down in my heart today.

I've got the wonderful love of my blessed Redeemer
Way down in the depths of my heart,
Way down in the depths of my heart,
Way down in the depths of my heart,
I've got the wonderful love of my blessed Redeemer
Way down in the depths of my heart,
Way down in the depths of my heart today.

573 HE ABIDES

He abides, He abides,
Hallelujah He abides with me!
I'm rejoicing night and day,
As I walk the narrow way,
For the Comforter abides with me.

574 HE'S ABLE

He's able, He's able, I know He's able,
I know my Lord is able to carry me through.
He's able, He's able, I know He's able,
I know my Lord is able to carry me through.
He healed the brokenhearted And set the captive free,
He made the lame to walk again And caused the blind to see;
He's able, He's able, I know He's able,
I know my Lord is able to carry me through.

575 JESUS IS THE JOY OF LIVING

I have found a wondrous Saviour, Jesus Christ, the soul's delight;
Ev'ry blessing of His favour fills my heart with hope so bright.

Chorus:
Jesus is the Joy of Living, He's the King of Life to me;
Unto Him my all I'm giving, his forevermore to be.
I will do what He commands me, anywhere He leads I'll go;
Jesus is the Joy of Living, he's the dearest friend I know.

Life is growing rich with beauty, toil has lost its weary strain,
Now a halo crowns each duty, and I sing a glad refrain.

Heav'nly wisdom He provides me, grace to keep my spirit free;
In His own sweet way He guides me when the path I cannot see.

O what splendour, O what glory, O what matchless pow'r divine,
Is the Christ of Gospel story, Christ, the Saviour, who is mine.

576 IT IS WELL WITH MY SOUL

When peace, like a river, attendeth my way,
When sorrows like sea billows roll;
Whatever my lot, Thou has taught me to say,
"It is well, it is well with my soul."

Chorus:
It is well (it is well), with my soul (with my soul),
It is well, it is well with my soul.

Though Satan should buffet, though trials should come,
Let this blest assurance control,
That Christ hath regarded my helpless estate,
And hath shed His own blood for my soul.

My sin, oh, the bliss of this glorious thought -
My sin, not in part, but the whole,
Is nailed to the cross, and I bear it no more!
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord, O my soul!

And Lord, haste the day when my faith shall be sight,
The clouds be rolled back as a scroll,
The trump shall resound, and the Lord shall descend!
Even so - it is well with my soul!

577 PRECIOUS PROMISE

Precious promise God hath given
To the weary passerby,
On the way from earth to heaven,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

Chorus:
I will guide thee, I will guide thee,
I will guide thee with Mine eye;
On the way from earth to heaven,
I will guide thee with Mine eye.

When temptations almost win thee,
And thy trusted watchers fly,
Let this promise ring within thee,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

When thy secret hopes have perished
In the grave of years gone by,
Let this promise still be cherished,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

When the shades of life are falling,
And the hour has come to die,
Hear the trusty Pilot calling,
"I will guide thee with Mine eye."

578 I NEED JESUS

I need Jesus, my need now confess;
No friend like Him in times of deep distress;
I need Jesus, the need I gladly own;
Though some may bear their load alone,
Yet, I need Jesus.

Chorus:
I need Jesus, I need Jesus,
I need Jesus every day;
Need Him in the sunshine hour,
Need Him when the storm-clouds low' r;
Every day along my way, Yes, I need Jesus.

I need Jesus, I need a friend like Him.
A friend to guide when paths of life are dim;
I need Jesus, when foes my soul assail;
Alone I know I can but fail,
So I need Jesus.

I need Jesus, I need Him to the end;
No one like Him, He is the sinner' s Friend;
I need Jesus, no other friend will do;
So constant, kind, so strong and true,
Yes, I need Jesus.

579 BE STILL, MY SOUL

Be still, my soul: the Lord is on thy side;
Bear patiently the cross of grief or pain;
Leave to thy God to or-der and provide;
In ev'ry change He faithful will remain.
Be still, my soul: thy best, thy heav'nly Friend
Thro' thorny ways leads to a joyful end.

Be still, my soul: thy God doth undertake
To guide the future as He has the past.
Thy hope, thy confidence let nothing shake;
All now mysterious shall be bright at last.
Be still, my soul: the waves and winds still know
His voice who ruled them while He dwelt below.

Be still, my soul: the hour is hast'ning on
When we shall be forever with the Lord,
When disappointment, grief, and fear are gone,
Sorrow forgot, love's purest joys restored.
Be still, my soul: when change and tears are past,
All safe and blessed we shall meet at last.

580 WE HAVE A GREAT BIG WONDERFUL GOD

We have a great, big, wonderful God
We have a great, big, wonderful God
A God who loves everyone of us,
Does so much for all of us,
A great, big, wonderful God!
He will never, never, never leave us,
He's always standing by;
He picks us up when we stumble,
We're the apples of His eye.
We have a great, big, wonderful God
We have a great, big, wonderful God
A God who loves everyone of us,
Does so much for all of us,
A great, big, wonderful God!
A great, big, wonderful God!

581 HE'S THE WAY

He's the Way! O, praise His name.
He's the Way! Always the same.
He's the Way! For me He came.
He's the Way! O, praise His name.

He's the Truth! He set me free.
He's the Truth! Eternally.
He's the Truth! His own I'll be.
He's the Truth! He set me free.

He's the Life! I trust in Him.
He's the Life! He saves from sin.
He's the Life! He dwells within.
He's the Life! I trust in Him.
He's the Truth! He set me free.
He's the Way! O, praise His name.
He's the Way, the Truth, the Life.
He's the Way! Praise Him name!

582 WHERE TWO OR THREE ARE GATHERED

Where two or three are gathered,
Gathered in Jesus' name,
In the midst He'll be He promised,
Kindling a holy flame.
Come, come, Lord Jesus,
Come in love and power;
Quietly we wait before You -
Make this a sacred hour.

In Your name and for Your glory,
We are met today;
Stir our hearts to praise and worship,
Teach us how to pray.
Come, come, Lord Jesus,
Be our hallowed guest;
Breathe Your holy breath upon us -
May every heart be blest.

583 BLESSED BE THE NAME

All praise to Him who reigns above
In majesty supreme,
Who gave His Son for man to die,
That He might man redeem!

Chorus:
Blessed be the name, blessed be the name,
Blessed be the name of the Lord;
Blessed be the name, blessed be the name,
Blessed be the name of the Lord.

His name above all names shall stand,
Exalted more and more,
At God the Father's own right hand,
Where angel hosts adore.

Redeemer, Saviour, Friend of man
Once ruined by the fall,
Thou hast devised salvation's plan,
For Thou hast died for all.

His name shall be the Counsellor,
The mighty Prince of Peace,
Of all earth's kingdoms Conqueror,
Whose reign shall never cease.

584 ABBA FATHER! WE APPROACH THEE

"Abba, Father!" we approach Thee
In our Saviour's precious name:
We, Thy children, here assembling,
Now the promised blessing claim.
From our sins His blood hath washed us;
'Tis through Him our souls draw nigh;
And Thy Spirit, too, has taught us,
"Abba Father!" thus to cry.

Once as prodigals we wandered,
In our folly, far from Thee;
But Thy grace, o'er sin abounding,
Rescued us from misery.
Thou Thy prodigals hast pardoned,
Loved us with a Father's love;
Welcomed us with joy o'erflowing,
E'en to dwell with Thee above.

Clothed in garments of salvation,
At Thy table is our place;
We rejoice, and Thou rejoicest
In the riches of Thy grace.
"It is meet," we hear Thee saying,
"We should merry be and glad,
I have found my once lost children,
Now they live, who once were dead."

"Abba, Father!" all adore Thee,
All rejoice in heav'n above;
While in us they learn the wonders
Of Thy wisdom, grace and love.
Soon before Thy throne assembled,
All Thy children shall proclaim,
"Glory, everlasting glory,
Be to God and to the Lamb!"

585 ALL GLORY TO JESUS

All glory to Jesus, begotten of God,
The great I AM is He;
Cre-a-tor, Sustainer but wonder of all,
The Lamb of Calvary!

To think that the guardian of planets in space,
The Shepherd of the stars,
Is tenderly leader the church of His love
By hands with crimson scars!

The King of all kings and the Lord of all lords,
He reigns in glory now;
Some day He is coming earth's kingdom to claim,
And ev'ry knee shall bow!

After last verse:
And ev'ry knee shall bow!

586 ALL CREATURES OF OUR GOD AND KING

All creatures of our God and King
Lift up your voice and with us sing, A-lle-lu-ia! A-lle-lu-ia!
Thou burning sun with golden beam,
Thou silver moon with softer gleam!

Chorus:
O praise Him, O praise Him!
A-lle-lu-ia! A-lle-lu-ia! A-lle-lu-ia!

Thou rushing wind that art so strong,
Ye clouds that sail in heav'n along, O praise Him! Alleluia!
Thou rising morn, in praise rejoice,
Ye lights of evening, find a voice!

And all ye men of tender heart,
Forgiving others, take your part, O sing ye! Alleluia!
Ye who long pain and sorrow bear,
Praise God and on Him cast your care!

Let all things their Creator bless,
And worship Him in humbleness - O praise Him! Alleluia!
Praise, praise the Father, praise the Son,
And praise the Spirit, Three in One!

587 ALL HAIL THE POWER

All hail the pow'r of Jesus' Name!
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him Lord of all;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him Lord of all!

Ye chosen seed of Israel's race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him Who saves you by His grace,
And crown Him Lord of all;
Hail Him Who saves you by His grace,
And crown Him Lord of all!

Let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,
And crown Him Lord of all;
To Him all majesty ascribe,
And crown Him Lord of all!

Oh, that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall!
We'll join the everlasting song,
And crown Him Lord of all;
We'll join the everlasting song,
And crown Him Lord of all!

588 ALL THINGS BRIGHT AND BEAUTIFUL

Chorus:
All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful:
The Lord God made them all.

Each little flow'r that opens,
Each little bird that sings,
He made their glow-ing co - lours,
He made their ti - ny wings.

The purple-headed mountains,
The river running by,
The sunset and the morning
That brightens up the sky.

The cold wind in the winter,
The pleasant summer sun,
The ripe fruits in the garden,
He made them every one.

The tall trees in the greenwood,
The meadows where we play,
The rushes by the water,
To gather every day.

He gave us eyes to see them,
And lips that we might tell
How great is God Almighty,
Who has made all things well.

589 WHAT A WONDERFUL SAVIOUR

What a wonderful Saviour, Jesus Christ my Lord.
What a wonderful Saviour from sin He set me free.
I will praise Him for-e-ver, faithful to death I'll be,
What a wonderful Sa-viour, Je-sus Christ my Lord.

590 ALMIGHTY FATHER

Almighty Father, You alone are holy.
You are my refuge, I will trust in You.
You are a tower, a mighty fortress.
You are my strength and shield, You are God.

Almighty Father, You alone are holy.
You guide my footsteps that I may not fall.
In joy or sorrow, I will exalt You.
You are my righteousness, You are God.

Almighty Father, You alone are holy.
You are Creator, You are all in all!
Yours is the power, Yours is the glory.
Yours is the majesty, You are God.

591 AS THE DEER

As the deer panteth for the water,
So my soul longeth after You.
You alone are my heart's desire,
And I long to worship You.
You alone are my strength, my shield;
To You alone may my spirit yield.
You alone are my heart's desire,
and I long to worship You.

592 AS PANTS THE HART FOR COOLING STREAMS

As pants the hart for cooling streams,
When heated in the chase,
So longs my soul, O God, for Thee,
And Thy refreshing grace.

For Thee, my God, the living God,
My thirsty soul doth pine:
O when shall I behold Thy face,
Thou majesty divine?

Why restless, why cast down, my soul?
Hope still, and thou shalt sing
The praise of Him who is thy God,
Thy health's eternal spring.

To Father, Son, and Holy Chost,
The God Whom we adore,
Be glory, as it was, is now,
And shall be evermore.

593 BEGIN, MY TONGUE, SOME HEAVENLY THEME

Begin, my tongue, some heav'nly theme,
And speak some boundless thing -
The mighty works or mightier name
Of our eternal King.

Tell of His wondrous faithfulness
And sound His pow'r abroad;
Sing the sweet promise of His grace,
The love and truth of God.

His very word of grace is strong
As that which built the skies;
The voice that rolls the stars along
Speaks all the promises.

O might I hear Thy heav'nly tongue
But whisper, "Thou art Mine!"
Those gentle words should raise my song
To notes almost divine.

594 BOW THE KNEE

What a privilege to come into God's presence,
Just to linger with the One who set me free.
As I lift my eyes and see His awesome glory,
I remember who He is and bow the knee.

Chorus:
Bow the knee, bow the knee,
He is King of all the ages, bow the knee.
God alone, on His throne,
See Him high and lifted up and bow the knee!
Kneel before Him, all adore Him.
As you live to love Him more, bow the knee.

In His hand He holds the power of creation,
With His voice He spoke and all things came to be.
Yet He hears each simple prayer I bring before Him
When I humbly seek His face and bow the knee.

595 BREAK THOU THE BREAD OF LIFE

Break Thou the bread of life, Dear Lord to me,
As Thou didst break the loaves beside the sea:
Beyond the sacred page I seek Thee, Lord;
My spirit pants for Thee, O Living Word.

Bless Thou the truth, dear Lord, to me - to me,
As Thou didst bless the bread by Galilee:
Then shall all bondage cease, all fetters fall,
And I shall find my peace, my All in all.

Thou art the bread of life, O Lord to me;
Thy holy Word the truth that saveth me:
Give me to eat and live with Thee above;
Teach me to love Thy truth, for Thou art love.

O send Thy Spirit, Lord, now unto me,
That he may touch my eyes and make me see:
Show me the truth concealed within Thy Word,
And in Thy book revealed I see the Lord.

596 COME INTO HIS PRESENCE

Come into his presence singing
Alleluia, alleluia, a-lleluia

Come into his presence singing
Jesus is Lord, Jesus is Lord, Jesus is Lord.

Praise the Lord together singing
Worthy the Lamb, worthy the Lamb, worthy the Lamb.

Praise the Lord together singing
Glory to God, glory to God, glory to God.

597 COME, CHRISTIANS, JOIN TO SING

Come, Christians, join to sing - Alleluia! Amen!
Loud praise to Christ our King - Allelulia! Amen!
Let all, with heart and voice, Before His throne rejoice;
Praise is His gracious choice: Alleluia! Amen!

Come, lift your hearts on high - Alleluia! Amen!
Let praises fill the sky - Allelulia! Amen!
He is our Guide and Friend, To us He'll condescend;
His love shall never end: Allelulia! Amen!

Praise yet our Christ again - Alleluia! Amen!
Life shall not end the strain - Allelulia! Amen!
On heaven's blissful shore His goodness we'll adore,
Singing forevermore: Alleluia! Amen!

598 COME, THOU FOUNT

Come, Thou Fount of every blessing,
Tune my heart to sing Thy grace;
Streams of mercy, never ceasing,
Call for songs of loudest praise.
Teach me some melodious sonnet,
Sung by flaming tongues above;
Praise the mount - I'm fixed upon it,
Mount of Thy redeeming love.

Here I raise mine Ebenezer - Hither by Thy help I'm come;
And I hope, by Thy good pleasure, Safely to arrive at home.
Jesus sought me when a stranger, Wand'ring from the fold of God;
He, to rescue me from danger, Bought me with his precious blood.

O to grace how great a debtor Daily I'm constrained to be!
Let Thy goodness, like a fetter, Bind my wand'ring heart to Thee:
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it, Prone to leave the God I love;
Here's my heart, O take and seal it, Seal it for Thy courts above.

599 ETERNAL FATHER STRONG TO SAVE

Eternal Father, strong to save,
Whose arm hath bound the restless wave,
Who bidd'st the mighty o-cean deep
Its own appointed li-mits keep;
Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee,
For those in peril on the sea!

O Christ! Whose voice the waters heard
And hushed their raging at Thy Word,
Who walk-ed on the foaming deep,
And calm amidst its rage didst sleep;
Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee,
For those in peril on the sea!

Most Holy Spirit! Who didst brood
Upon the chaos dark and rude,
And bid its angry tumult cease,
And give, for wild confusion, peace;
Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee,
For those in peril on the sea!

O Trinity of love and power!
Our family shield in danger's hour;
From rock and tempest, fire and foe,
Protect us wheresoe'er we go;
Thus evermore shall rise to Thee
Glad hymns of praise from land and sea.

600 FOR THE BEAUTY OF THE EARTH

For the beauty of the earth
For the glory of the skies
For the love which from our birth
Over and around us lies:

Chorus:
Christ our God, to Thee we raise
This our hymn of grateful praise.

For the wonder of each hour
Of the day and of the night,
Hill and vale and tree and flow'r,
Sun and moon and stars of light:

For the joy of human love,
Brother, sister, parent, child,
Friends on earth and friends above,
For all gentle thoughts and mild:

For Thy Church that evermore
Lifteth holy hands above,
Off'ring up on ev'ry shore
Her pure sacrifice of love:

601 FROM THE RISING OF THE SUN

From the rising of the sun,
To the going down of the same,
The Lord's name is to be praised.
From the rising of the sun,
To the going down of the same,
The Lord's name is to be praised.
Praise ye the Lord,
Praise all ye servants of the Lord,
Praise the name of the Lord;
Blessed be the name of the Lord,
From this time forth and for-e-ver more

602 IF GOD BE FOR US

If God be for us, who can be against us?
Who can be against us?
Who can be against us?
If God be for us, who can be against us?
No one! No one! NO ONE!

603 WE PRAISE THEE, O GOD, OUR REDEEMER

We praise Thee, O God, our Redeemer Creator,
In grateful devotion our tribute we bring;
We lay it before Thee, we kneel and adore Thee,
We bless Thy holy Name, glad praises we sing.

We worship Thee, God of our fathers, we bless Thee
Thru life's storm and tempest our Guide hast Thou been;
When perils o'ertake us, escape Thou wilt make us,
And with Thy help, O Lord, our battles we win.

With voices united our praises we offer
To Thee, great Jehovah, glad anthems we raise;
Thy strong arm will guide us, our God is beside us
To Thee, our great Redeemer, forever be praise!

604 I WAS GLAD

I was glad, I was glad,
I was glad when they said unto me;
Let us go, let us go,
Let us go into the house of the Lord.

605 THE WONDER SONG

Oh, who can make a flower?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make a flower?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can make the raindrops?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make the raindrops?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can make the sunshine?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make the sunshine?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can make a butterfly?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make a butterfly?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can make the wind blow?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make the wind blow?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can make a garden grow?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make a garden grow?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can make a pine tree?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make a pine tree?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can make our hearts clean?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make our hearts clean?
No one but God, tis true.

Oh, who can give salvation?
I'm sure I can't, can you?
Oh, who can make give salvation?
No one but God, tis true.

606 HALLELUJAH

Hallelu, hallelu, hallelu, hallelujah!
Praise ye the Lord!
Hallelu, hallelu, hallelu, hallelujah!
Praise ye the Lord!
Praise ye the Lord! Hallelujah!
Praise ye the Lord! Hallelujah!
Praise ye the Lord! Hallelujah!
Praise ye the Lord!

607 PRAISE HIM PRAISE HIM

Praise Him, praise Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.
Praise Him, praise Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.

Love Him, love Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.
Love Him, love Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.

Thank Him, thank Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.
Thank Him, thank Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.

Serve Him, serve Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.
Serve Him, serve Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.

Crown Him, crown Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.
Crown Him, crown Him, all ye little children;
God is love, God is love.

608 GOD MADE ME

God made me, God made me,
I'm so glad that God made me!
God made my fingers, God made my toes.
God made my knuckles and God made my nose.
God made my hip bones and God made my chin
And God made the shape that I am in.
God made me, God made me,
I'm so glad that God made me!

609 GOD IS SO GOOD

God is so good, God is so good;
God is so good, He's so good to me.

God loves me so, God loves me so;
God loves me so, He's so good to me.

I praise His name, I praise His name;
I praise His name, He's so good to me.

610 THOU ART A WONDERFUL GOD

Thou art a wonderful God.
Thou art a wonderful God.

Thou madest the mountains, thou madest the sea,
Thou madest the song birds that fly over me.
Thou art a wonderful God.
Thou art a wonderful God.

Thou madest the nighttime, the madest the days,
Thou causest my tongue to keep singing this phrase,
Thou art a wonderful God.
Thou art a wonderful God.

Thou madest all men and they've broken Thy laws,
Thou sendest Thy Son to redeem us because,
Thou art a wonderful God.
Thou art a wonderful God.

Oh, cause us to tell Thy Son's story and then
Look to the sky for His coming again.
Thou art a wonderful God.
Thou art a wonderful God.

611 TRINITY SONG

God the Father, God the Son,
God the Spirit, three in one.
God the Father loves me so,
Gave His Word so I would know
God the Father, God the Son,
God the Spirit, three in one.

Three in one and one in three,
God the Son, He died for me;
For my sins His blood He gave,
Then He rose up from the grave.
Three in one and one in three,
God the Son, He died for me.

Three in one and one in three,
God the Spirit lives in me;
Day by day and hour by hour
Helps me witness by His pow'r.
Three in one and one in three,
God the Spirit lives in me.

612 TO GOD BE THE GLORY

To God be the glory, great things He hath done,
So loved He the world that He gave us His Son,
Who yielded His life an atonement for sin,
And opened the life-gate that all may go in.

Chorus:
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord,
Let the earth hear His voice!
Praise the Lord, praise the Lord,
Let the people rejoice!
O come to the Father through Jesus the Son,
And give Him the glory, great things He hath done.

O perfect redemption, the purchase of blood,
To every believer the promise of God;
The vilest offender who truly believes
That moment from Jesus a pardon receives.

Great things He hath taught us, great things He hath done,
And great our rejoicing through Jesus the Son;
But purer, and higher, and greater will be
Our wonder, our transport, when Jesus we see.

613 THOU ART WORTHY

Thou art worthy, Thou art worthy,
Thou art worthy, O Lord,
To receive glory, glory and honour
Glory and honour and pow'r.
For Thou hast created, hast all things created;
Thou hast created all things.
And for Thy pleasure they are created;
For Thou art worthy, O Lord.

614 THY LOVING KINDNESS

Thy loving kindness is better than life,
Thy loving kindness is better than life.
My lips shall praise Thee, thus will I bless Thee,
Thy loving kindness is better than life.

I lift up my hands, Lord, unto Thy Name, (2x)
My lips shall praise Thee, thus will I bless Thee,
Thy loving kindness is better than life.

615 SAVIOUR AGAIN TO THY DEAR NAME

Saviour, again to Thy dear name we raise
With one accord our parting hymn of praise;
Once more we bless Thee ere our worship cease,
Then, lowly kneeling, wait Thy word of peace.

Grant us Thy peace upon our homeward way:
With Thee began, with Thee shall end the day;
Guard thou the lips from sin, the hearts from shame,
That in this house have called upon Thy name.

Grant us Thy peace, Lord, through the coming night,
Turn Thou for us its darkness into light;
From harm and danger keep Thy children free,
For dark and light are both alike to Thee.

Grant us Thy peace throughout our earthly life,
Our balm in sorrow and our stay in strife;
Then, when Thy voice shall bid our conflict cease,
Call us, O Lord, to Thine eternal peace.

616 REJOICE IN THE LORD ALWAYS

Rejoice in the Lord always, And again I say, rejoice!
Rejoice in the Lord always, And again I say, rejoice!
Rejoice, rejoice and again I say, rejoice!
Rejoice, rejoice and again I say, rejoice!

617 SOMETHING FOR THEE

Saviour, Thy dying love Thou gavest me;
Nor should I aught withhold, Dear Lord, from Thee;
In love my soul would bow, my heart fulfill its vow,
Some off'ring bring Thee now, something for Thee.

At the blest mercy seat, pleading for me,
My feeble faith looks up, Jesus, to Thee;
Help me the cross to bear, Thy wondrous love declare,
Some song to raise, or prayer, something for Thee.

Give me a faithful heart, likeness to Thee.
That each departing day henceforth may see
Some work of love begun, some deed of kindness done,
Some wanderer sought and won, something for Thee.

All that I am and have, Thy gifts so free,
In joy, in grief, through life, Dear Lord, for Thee!
And when Thy face I see, my ransomed soul shall be
Through all eternity, something for Thee.

618 SPEAK, LORD, IN THE STILLNESS

Speak, Lord, in the stillness,
While I wait on Thee;
Hushed my heart to listen,
In expectancy.

Speak, O blessed Master,
In this quiet hour,
Let me see Thy face, Lord,
Feel Thy touch of power.

For the words Thou speakest,
They are life indeed;
Living bread from heaven,
Now my spirit feed!

All to Thee is yielded,
I am not my own;
Blissful, glad surrender,
I am Thine alone!

Fill me with the knowledge,
Of Thy glorious will;
All Thine own good pleasure
In Thy child fulfill.

Like a watered garden
Full of fragrance rare,
Ling'ring in Thy presence,
Let my life appear.

619 THE GOD OF ABRAHAM PRAISE

The God of Abraham praise, who reigns enthroned above,
Ancient of everlasting days, and God of Love.
Jehovah, great I AM, by earth and heav'n confessed,
I bow and bless the sacred name for-e-ver blest.

The God of Abraham praise, at whose supreme command
From earth I rise and seek the joys at His right hand.
I all on earth forsake, its wisdom, fame, and power,
And Him my only portion make, my shield and tow'r.

He by Himself has sworn, I on His oath depend,
I shall, on eagle wings upborne, to heav'n ascend.
I shall behold His face, I shall His pow'r adore,
And sing the wonders of His grace forevermore.

The whole triumphant host give thanks to God on high;
Hail, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost! They ever cry.
Hail, Abraham's God, and mine! I join the heav'nly lays;
All might and majesty are Thine, and endless praise.

620 THE LORD IS KING!

The Lord is King! Lift up, lift up thy voice
Sing His praise, sing His praise!
All heav'n and earth before Him now rejoice
Sing His praise, sing His praise!
From world to world the joy shall ring,
For He alone is God and King;
From sky to sky His banners fling
Sing His praise, sing His praise!

The Lord is King! Let all His worth declare
Great is He, great is He!
Bow to His will and trust His tender care
Great is He, great is He!
Nor murmur at His wise decrees,
Nor doubt His steadfast promises;
In humble faith fall on thy knees
Great is He, great is He!

The Lord is King! And bow to Him ye must
God is great, God is good!
The Judge of all to all is ever just
God is great, God is good!
Holy and true are all His ways:
Let ev'ry creature shout His praise;
The Lord of Hosts, Ancient of Days
God is great, God is good!

The Lord is King! Throughout His vast domain
He is all, all in all!
The Lord Jehovah evermore shall reign
He is all, all in all!
Through earth and heav'n one song shall ring,
From grateful hearts this anthem spring:
Arise, ye saints, salute thy King
All thy days, sing His praise!

621 REMEMBER THY CREATOR

Remember I am the LORD, I am the LORD your God,
Present yourself a living sacrifice.
And in the days of my youth, I will always praise You,
I will remember You are my God.
In the twilight of my years, in the springtime of my life,
In my laughter, in my tears, you are my God.
You are the God of my days, you are my light, my praise,
I will remember You are my God.

622 TO THE GLORY OF JESUS CHRIST!

Since I found salvation from above
And I have such joy within,
I will tell the news of Jesus' love
To a world that's lost in sin.

Chorus:
I will live to the glory of Jesus Christ,
I will tell of the blood that He sacrificed,
I will fervently pray and His will obey,
I will feast on His Word each day.

When my life is burdened down with care
And I am tempted to sin,
I continue with my Lord in prayer
And He gives new strength within.

I will hide God's Word within my heart
And renew my mind each day.
From His Word I never shall depart
As I walk His narrow way.

623 REJOICE, YE PURE IN HEART

Rejoice, ye pure in heart,
Rejoice, give thanks, and sing;
Your festal banner wave on high,
The cross of Christ your King.

Chorus:
Rejoice, rejoice,
Rejoice, give thanks and sing!

With all the angel choirs,
With all the saints on earth,
Pour out the strains of joy and bliss,
True rapture, no blest mirth!

Yes, on through life's long path,
Still chanting as ye go;
From youth to age, by night and day,
In gladness and in woe.

Then on, ye pure in heart,
Rejoice, give thanks and sing;
Your festal banner wave on high,
The cross of Christ your King.

624 SING GLORY
The Lord our God is a strong defense,
A rock in a thirsty land;
His truth has stood through eternal years,
And still like His throne shall stand.

Chorus:
Then praise Him, ye people,
His mighty works proclaim!
Let everything in heav'n and earth sing
Glory to His name.
Sing glory to His name,
Sing glo-ry to His name.
Let everything in heav'n and earth sing
Glory to His name.

The Lord our God is a dwelling place,
A tow'r where His own may rest;
And sheltered there in His watchful care,
No harm can the soul molest.

The Lord our God from our foes will save,
And keep us beneath His wings;
His sov'reign pow'r will the world declare,
For He is the King of kings.

625 THIS IS THE DAY

This is the day, this is the day
That the Lord hath made, that the Lord hath made;
We will rejoice, we will rejoice,
And be glad in it, and be glad in it.
This is the day that the Lord hath made,
We will rejoice and be glad in it.
This is the day, this is the day
That the Lord hath made.

626 GOD OWNS THE CATTLE ON A THOUSAND HILLS

God owns the cattle on a thousand hills,
The wealth in ev'ry mine;
He owns the rivers and the rocks and rills,
The sun and stars that shine.
Wonderful riches, more than tongue can tell -
He is my Father so they're mine as well;
God owns the cattle on a thousand hills -
I know that He will care for me.

627 HE'S THE ALPHA AND THE OMEGA

He's the Alpha and Omega, the Beginning and the End;
He's behind me, He's before me, He's ever my friend;
Whatever I do, wherever I go,
Jesus is my source and my goal.

628 GREAT IS THY FAITHFULNESS

Great is Thy faithfulness, O God my Father,
There is no shadow of turning with Thee;
Thou changest not, Thy compassions, they fail not;
As Thou hast been Thou forever wilt be.

Chorus:
Great is Thy faithfulness!
Great is Thy faithfulness!
Morning by morning new mercies I see;
All I have needed Thy hands hath provided -
Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me!

Summer and winter, and springtime and harvest,
Sun, moon and stars in their courses above,
Join with all nature in manifold witness
To Thy great faithfulness, mercy and love.

Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth,
Thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide;
Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow,
Blessings all mine, with ten thousand beside!

629 GREAT IS THE LORD

Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised
In the city of our God,
In the mountain of His holiness.
Beautiful for situation,
The joy of the whole earth
Is mount Zion on the sides of the north,
The city of the great King.

630 HOW GREAT IS OUR GOD

How great is our God, how great is His name.
He's the greatest of all and He's always the same.
He rolled back the waters of the mighty Red Sea,
And He says, "I'll lead you, if you follow Me."

How great is God's love when Christ died for us,
On dark Calvary to set us all free;
It's love that is highest from God unto men,
The love that's purest until the end.

631 HE'S THE LORD OF THE SUNSHINE

He's the Lord of the sunshine, the Lord of the rain;
He's the Lord of the good times, the Lord of the pain;
He's the Lord of the mountains, the Lord of the sea;
He's the Lord of the music, the Lord of the children,
The Lord of you and me.

632 HE IS LORD

He is Lord, He is Lord!
He is risen from the dead and He is Lord!
Every knee shall bow, every tongue confess
That Jesus Christ is Lord.

He is Lord, He is Lord!
This name is His for He's the Son of God.
I will follow Him and tell others too,
That Jesus Christ is Lord.

633 HOLY, HOLY, HOLY

Holy, holy, holy! Lord God Almighty!
Early in the morning our song shall rise to Thee;
Holy, holy, holy! Merciful and mighty!
God in three Persons blessed Trinity!

Holy, holy, holy! All the saints adore Thee,
Casting down their golden crowns around the glassy sea;
Cherubim and seraphim falling down before Thee,
Which wert, and art, and evermore shalt be.

Holy, holy, holy! Though the darkness hide Thee,
Though the eye of sinful man Thy glory may not see,
Only Thou art holy; there is none beside Thee,
Perfect in pow'r, in love, and purity.

Holy, holy, holy! Lord God Almighty!
All Thy works shall praise Thy name, in earth and sky and sea;
Holy, holy, holy! Merciful and mighty!
God in three Persons blessed Trinity!

634 HOLY GOD, WE PRAISE THY NAME

Holy God, we praise Thy name -
Lord of all, we bow before Thee!
All on earth Thy scepter claim,
All in heav'n above adore Thee:
Infinite Thy vast domain,
Everlasting is Thy reign.

Hark the loud celestial hymn
Angel choirs above are raising;
Cherubim and Seraphim,
In unceasing chorus praising,
Fill the heav'ns with sweet accord -
Holy, holy, holy Lord!

Lo, the apostolic train
Joins Thy sacred name to hallow;
Prophet swell the glad refrain,
And the white robed martyrs follow;
And, from morn to set of sun,
Through the Church the song goes on.

Holy Father, Holy Son,
Holy Spirit, Three we name Thee;
While in essence only One,
Undivided God we claim Thee,
And adoring bend the knee,
While we sing our praise to Thee.

635 HOLY LORD

Holy, holy, Lord, God almighty;
Your glory fills the earth,
Lord God of hosts.
Holy, Lord, God almighty;
Your glory fills the earth,
Lord God of hosts.
Holy, Lord, God almighty;
Your glory fills the earth,
Lord God of hosts.

636 MAGNIFY THE LORD WITH ME

Magnify the Lord with me,
Blessed Man of Calvary;
For His grace so rich and free,
O magnify the Lord with me.
Magnify the Lord with me,
Blessed Man of Calvary;
Jesus gives me liberty,
O, magnify the Lord with me.

637 HIGH IN THE HEAVENS, ETERNAL GOD

High in the heavens, eternal God,
Thy goodness in full glory shines;
Thy truth shall break through every cloud
That veils and darkens thy designs.

Forever firm thy justice stands,
As mountains their foundations keep;
Wise are the wonders of thy hands;
Thy judgements are a mighty deep.

My God, how excellent thy grace,
Whence all our hope and comfort spring!
The sons of Adam in distress
Fly to the shadow of thy wing.

Life, like a fountain rich and free,
Springs from the presence of my Lord;
And in thy light our souls shall see
The glories promised in thy word.

638 HOW SHALL I SING THAT MAJESTY

How shall I sing that majesty
Which angels do admire?
Let dust in dust and silence lie;
Sing, sing, ye heavenly choir.
Thousands and thousands stand around
Thy throne, O God most high;
Ten thousand times ten thousand sound
Thy praise; but who am I?

Thy brightness unto them appears;
Whilst I Thy footsteps trace.
A sound of God comes to my ears,
But they behold Thy face.
They sing because Thou art their Sun;
Lord, send a beam on me;
For where heaven is but once begun
There Hallelujahs be.

Enlighten with faith's light my heart,
Inflame it with love's fire;
Then shall I sing and bear a part
With that celestial choir.
I shall, I fear, be dark and cold,
With all my fire and light;
Yet when Thou dost accept their gold,
Lord, treasure up my mite.

How great a being, Lord, is Thine,
Which doth all beings keep!
Thy knowledge is the only line
To sound so vast a deep.
Thou art a sea without a shore,
A sun without a sphere;
Thy time is now and evermore,
Thy place is everywhere.

639 I WILL ENTER HIS GATES WITH THANKSGIVING

I will enter His gates with thanksgiving in my heart,
I will enter His courts with praise,
I will say this is the day that the Lord has made,
I will rejoice for He has made me glad.
He has made me glad, He has made me glad.
I will rejoice for He has made me glad.
He has made me glad, He has made me glad.
I will rejoice for He has made glad.

640 I WILL PRAISE HIM!

When I saw the cleansing fountain
Open wide for all my sin,
I obeyed the Spirit's wooing,
When He said, Wilt thou be clean?

Chorus:
I will praise Him! I will praise Him!
Praise the Lamb for sinners slain;
Give Him glory, all ye people,
For His blood can wash away each stain.

Since the way is straight and narrow,
All I claimed was swept away;
My ambitions, plans and wishes,
At my feet in ashes lay.

Then God's fire upon the altar
Of my heart was set aflame;
I shall never cease to praise Him,
Glory, glory to His name!

Blessed be the name of Jesus!
I'm so glad He took me in;
He's forgiven my transgressions,
He has cleansed my heart from sin.

Glory, glory to the Father!
Glory, glory to the Son!
Glory, glory to the Spirit!
Glory to the Three in One!

641 O DAY OF REST AND GLADNESS

O day of rest and gladness, O day of joy and light,
O balm of care and sadness, most beautiful, most bright;
On thee, the high and lowly, through ages joined in tune,
Sing "Holy, Holy, Holy," to the great God Triune.

On thee, at the creation, the light first had its birth;
On thee, for our salvation, Christ rose from depths of earth;
On thee, our Lord, victorious, the Spirit sent from heav'n;
And thus on thee, most glorious, a triple light was giv'n.

Today on weary nations the heav'nly manna falls;
To holy convocations the silver trumpet calls,
Where gospel light is glowing with pure and radiant beams,
And living water flowing with soul-refreshing streams.

New graces ever gaining from this our day of rest,
We reach the rest remaining to spirits of the blest.
To Holy Ghost be praises, to Father, and to Son;
The Church her voice upraises to Thee, blest Three in one.

642 LORD JESUS, BE THOU WITH US NOW

Lord Jesus be Thou with us now
As in Thy house in prayer we bow;
And when we sing, and when we pray,
Help us to mean the words we say.
Help us to listen to Thy Word
And keep our thoughts from wandering, Lord.

643 O GOD, OUR HELP IN AGES PAST

O God, our help in a-ges past, our hope for years to come,
Our shelter from the stormy blast, and our eternal home!
Under the shadow of Thy throne still may we dwell secure;
Sufficient is Thine arm alone, and our defense is sure.
Before the hills in order stood, or earth received her frame,
From everlasting Thou art God, to endless years the same.
Time, like an ever rolling stream, bears all its sons away;
They fly forgotten, as a dream dies at the op'ning day.
O God, our help in ages past, our hope for years to come,
Be Thou our guide while life shall last, and our eternal home.

644 I SING THE MIGHTY POWER OF GOD

I sing the mighty pow'r of God,
That made the mountains rise;
That spread the flowing seas abroad,
And built the lofty skies.
I sing the wisdom that ordained
The sun to rule the day;
The moon shines full at His command,
And all the stars obey.

I sing the goodness of the Lord,
That filled the earth with food;
He formed the creatures with His word
And then pronounced them good.
Lord, how Thy wonders are displayed
Where'er I turn my eye:
If I survey the ground I tread,
Or gaze upon the sky.

There's not a plant or flow'r below,
But makes Thy glories known;
And clouds arise and tempests blow,
By order from Thy throne;
While all that borrows life from Thee
Is ever in Thy care,
And ev'rywhere that man can be,
Thou, God, art present there.

645 O HAPPY DAY

O happy day that fixed my choice
On Thee, my Savior and my God!
Well may this glowing heart rejoice,
And tell its raptures all abroad.

Chorus:
Happy day, happy day, when Jesus washed my sins away!
He taught me how to watch and pray,
And live rejoicing ev'ry day;
Happy day, happy day, when Jesus washed my sins away!

O happy bond, that seals my vows
To Him who merits all my love!
Let cheerful anthems fill His house,
While to that sacred place I move.

'Tis done, the great transaction's done!
I am my Lord's, and He is mine;
He drew me, and I followed on,
Charmed to confess the voice divine.

Now rest, my long divided heart;
Fixed on this blissful center, rest;
Nor ever from my Lord depart,
With Him of ev'ry good possessed.

646 WE HAVE COME INTO HIS HOUSE

We have come into His house
And gathered in His name to worship Him,
We have come into His house
And gathered in His name to worship Him,
We have come into His house
And gathered in His name to worship Christ the Lord;
Worship Him, Christ the Lord.

647 O FOR A THOUSAND TONGUES

O for a thousand tongues to sing
My great Redeemer's praise,
The glories of my God and King,
The triumphs of His grace!

My gracious Master and my God,
Assist me to proclaim,
To spread through all the earth abroad
The honours of Thy name.

Jesus! the name that charms our fears,
That bids our sorrows cease;
'Tis music in the sinner's ears,
'Tis life and health and peace.

He breaks the power of cancelled sin,
He sets the pris'ner free;
His blood can make the foulest clean,
His blood availed for me.

648 O MAGNIFY THE LORD

O magnify the Lord with me
And bless His holy name.
Sing praises to His majesty
And all His works proclaim.

Chorus:
O magnify the Lord (with me).
O magnify the Lord (with me).
O magnify the Lord with me,
And bless His holy name!

We celebrate the Father's gift;
O let the anthem ring.
With grateful hearts we welcome Him,
Our Prophet, Priest, and King.

We come before the Father's throne
And there our Saviour greet.
We shout "Hosanna" to the King
And worship at His feet.

649 PRAISE THE SAVIOUR

Praise the Saviour, ye who know Him!
Who can tell how much we owe Him?
Gladly let us render to Him
All we are and have.

Trust in Him, ye saints, forever;
He is faithful, changing never;
Neither force nor guile can sever
Those He loves from Him.

Keep us, Lord, O keep us cleaving
To Thyself and still believing,
Till the hour of our receiving
Promised joys with Thee.

Then we shall be where we would be,
Then we shall be what we should be;
Things that not now, nor could be,
Soon shall be our own.

650 PRAISE HIM, ALL YE LITTLE CHILDREN

Praise Him, praise Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love;
Praise Him, praise Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love.

Love Him, love Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love;
Love Him, love Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love.

Thank Him, thank Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love;
Thank Him, thank Him, all ye little children,
God is love, God is love.

651 PRAISE AND GREETINGS

Praise and greetings, Christian brothers (sisters),
Praise and greetings, sing to God;
Hearts ablazing, voices swelling,
Praise and greetings, praise to God.
Hallelujah! Welcome our brothers (sisters),
Join hands and voices, praise the Lord.
Singing and praying and thanking and praising,
Praise and greetings, praise to God,
Praise and greetings, praise to God.

652 PRAISE HIM! PRAISE HIM!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Sing, O earth, His wonderful love proclaim!
Hail Him! Hail Him! Highest archangels in glory;
Strength and honour give to His holy name!
Like a shepherd Jesus will guard His children,
In His arms He carries them all day long:

Chorus:
Praise Him! Praise Him! Tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! Praise Him! Ever in joyful song!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
For our sins He suffered, and bled, and died;
He our Rock, our hope of eternal salvation,
Hail Him! Hail Him! Jesus the Crucified.
Sound His praises! Jesus who bore our sorrows;
Love unbounded, wonderful, deep and strong;

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Heav'nly portals loud with hosannas ring!
Jesus, Saviour, reigneth forever and ever;
Crown Him! Crown Him! Prophet and Priest and King!
Christ is coming! Over the world victorious,
Pow'r and glory, unto the Lord belong:

653 O LORD I WANT TO PRAISE THEE

O Lord I want to praise Thee for this body Thou hast made,
Upon its great unique design, in wonder, contemplate:
How wonderful, how intricate, what great complexity
Is found within each small detail of my a-na-to-my!

Each part of me performs its role as was ordained by Thee:
Each single cell was made to dwell and work in harmony.
They all together make the whole: a massive company,
Complete to keep the Life within - what grand technology!

I've yet to fully understand the workings of my mind:
How great and mighty thoughts can be within a space confined!
My soul can feel, can hope, can trust, and can express to Thee
The raging tides I feel inside, of love and loyalty.

How excellently made am I, how blessed in every part!
Yet greater still than these is that Thou livest in my heart!
Without Thy presence in my soul, my life pulsates in vain
But Thou hast cleansed and made me whole and all Thyself, contain!

654 PRAISE TO THE LORD, THE ALMIGHTY

Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of cre-a-tion!
O my soul, praise Him, for He is thy health and salvation!
All ye who hear; now to His temple draw near;
Join me in glad adoration!

Praise to the Lord, who o'er all things so wondrously reigneth,
Shelters thee under His wings, yea, so gently sustaineth!
Hast thou not seen how thy desires e'er have been
Granted in what He ordaineth?

Praise to the Lord, who with marvelous wisdom hath made thee!
Decked thee with health, and with loving hand guided and stayed thee;
How oft in grief hath not He brought thee relief,
Spreading His wings for to shade thee!

Praise to the Lord! O let all that is in me adore Him!
All that has life and breath, come now with praises before Him!
Let the Amen sound from His people again:
Gladly for aye we adore Him.

655 TIS THE BLESSED HOUR OF PRAYER

'Tis the blessed hour of prayer, when our hearts lowly bend,
And we gather to Jesus, our Savior and friend;
If we come to Him in faith, his protection to share,
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

Chorus:
Blessed hour of prayer, blessed hour of prayer-
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

'Tis the blessed hour of prayer, when the Savior draws near
With a tender compassion, his children to hear;
When He tells us we may cast at His feet every care,
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

'Tis the blessed hour of prayer, when the tempted and tried
To the Savior who loves them their sorrow confide;
With a sympathizing heart He removes every care-
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

At the blessed hour of prayer, trusting Him, we believe
That the blessings we're needing we'll surely receive;
In the fullness of this trust we shall lose every care-
What a balm for the weary! O how sweet to be there!

656 ASK! ASK! ASK!

Ask! Ask! Ask! And it shall be given you;
Seek! Seek! Seek! And ye shall find;
Knock! Knock! Knock! It shall be o - pened unto you;
Your heav'nly Father is so kind -
He knows what is best for His children,
In body, soul, and mind;
So ask! Ask! Ask! Knock! Knock! Knock!
Seek, and ye shall find.

657 AT THE CLOSE OF THE DAY

At the close of the day when you kneel to pray,
Will you remember me?
I need help every day, this is why I pray,
Will you remember me?
When you pray, will you pray for me,
For I need His love and His care,
When you pray, will you pray for me?
Will you whisper my name in your prayer?

At the close of the day when I kneel to pray
I will remember you.
You need help every day, that is why I pray,
I will remember you.
When I pray, I will pray for you,
For you need His love and His care,
When I pray, I will pray for you,
I will whisper your name in my prayer.

658 JESUS TENDER SHEPHERD HEAR ME

Jesus, tender Shepherd, hear me;
Bless thy little lamb tonight;
Through the darkness be Thou near me
Keep me safe till morning light.

All this day Thy hand has led me,
And I thank Thee for Thy care;
Thy hast clothed me, warmed and fed me,
Listen to my evening prayer.

Let my sins be all forgiven;
Bless the friends I love so well:
Take me, Lord, at last to heaven,
Happy there with Thee to dwell. Amen.

659 DO YOU THINK TO PRAY?

Ere you left your room this morning,
Did you think to pray?
In the name of Christ, our Saviour,
Did you ask for loving fa-vour,
As a shield today?

Chorus:
O, how praying rests the weary!
Prayer will change the night to day;
So when life seems dark and dreary,
Don't forget to pray.

When you met with great temptation,
Did you think to pray?
By His dying love and merit
Did you claim the holy Spirit
As your guide and stay?

When your heart was filled with anger,
Did you think to pray?
Did you plead for grace, my brother,
That you might forgive another
Who has crossed your way?

When sore trials came upon you,
Did you think to pray?
When your soul was bowed in sorrows,
Balm of Gilead did you borrow
At the gates of day?

660 GOD HEARS MY PRAYER

I bow on my knees before Him; I come to my Lord in prayer.
Convinced of His love and mercy, I bring my ev'ry care.
I pour out my heart before Him who knows my deepest fear.
In pity His arms surround me; He wipes away each fear.

Chorus:
God hears my prayer when I come to Him in my darkest hour;
God hears my prayer when I bring to Him my need.
He'll lift me up, and He'll give me grace in trouble.
God hears my prayer; He will surely answer me.

In humble submission falling, confessing my straying heart,
I run to my waiting Father; forgiveness He'll impart.
My heart thrills with adoration; His glory fills my sight,
Amazed that my God would love me, in me He would delight.

661 SWEET HOUR OF PRAYER

Sweet hour of prayer, Sweet hour of prayer,
That calls me from a world of care,
And bids me at my Father's throne
Make all my wants and wishes known;
In seasons of distress and grief
My soul has often found relief,
And oft escaped the tempter's snare,
By thy return, sweet hour of prayer.

Sweet hour of prayer, Sweet hour of prayer,
The joys I feel, the bliss I share
With those whose anxious spirits burn
With strong desires for thy return!
With such I hasten to the place
Where God my Savior, shows His face,
And gladly take my station there,
And wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer.

Sweet hour of prayer, Sweet hour of prayer,
Thy wings shall my petition bear
To Him whose truth and faithfulness
Engage the waiting soul to bless;
And since He bids me seek His face,
Believe His Word and trust His grace,
I'll cast on Him my every care,
And wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer.

Sweet hour of prayer, Sweet hour of prayer,
May I thy consolation share,
Till, from Mount Pisgah's lofty height,
I view my home and take my flight.
This robe of flesh I'll drop and rise
To seize the everlasting prize;
And shout, while passing through the air,
Farewell, farewell, sweet hour of prayer.

662 WHISPER A PRAYER

Whisper a prayer in the morning,
Whisper a prayer at noon,
Whisper a prayer in the evening
To keep your heart in tune.

God answers prayer in the morning,
God answers prayer at noon,
God answers prayer in the evening,
Just keep your heart in tune.

Jesus may come in the morning,
Jesus may come at noon,
Jesus may come in the evening,
So keep your heart in tune.

663 GOD HEARS AND HE ANSWERS PRAYER

God hears and He answers prayer,
Cast on Jesus your e-very care,
Trust in His promises, they cannot fail,
For with the Father He'll e-ver prevail.
God hears and He answers prayer,
Frees my spirit from all despair.
Hasten to take Him your problems -
For God answers prayer.

664 MORNING PRAYER

Father, we thank Thee for the night,
And for the pleasant morning light;
For rest and food and loving care,
And all that makes the world so fair.

Help us to do the things we should,
To be to others kind and good;
In all we do in work or play,
To love Thee better day by day.

665 TEACH ME TO PRAY

Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray;
This is my heart cry, day unto day;
I long to know Thy will and Thy way;
Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray.

Chorus:
Living in Thee, Lord, and Thou in me;
Constant abiding, this is my plea;
Grant me Thy power, boundless and free:
Power with men and power with Thee.

Power in prayer, Lord, power in prayer,
Here 'mid earth's sin and sorrow and care;
Men lost and dying, souls in despair;
O give me power, power in prayer!

My weakened will, Lord, Thou canst renew;
My sinful nature Thou canst subdue;
Fill me just now with power anew,
Power to pray and power to do!

Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray;
Thou art my pattern, day unto day;
Thou art my surety, now and for aye;
Teach me to pray, Lord, teach me to pray.

666 TELL IT TO JESUS

Are you weary, are you heavy hearted?
Tell it to Jesus, tell it to Jesus;
Are you grieving over joys departed?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Chorus:
Tell it to Jesus, tell it to Jesus,
He is a friend that's well known;
You've no other such a friend or brother,
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Do the tears flow down your cheeks unbidden?
Tell it to Jesus, tell it to Jesus;
Have you sins that to men's eyes are hidden?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Do you fear the gathering clouds of sorrow?
Tell it to Jesus, tell it to Jesus;
Are you anxious what shall be tomorrow?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

Are you troubled at the thought of dying?
Tell it to Jesus, tell it to Jesus;
For Christ's coming kingdom are you sighing?
Tell it to Jesus alone.

667 I MUST TELL JESUS
I must tell Jesus all of my trials,
I cannot bear these burdens alone;
In my distress He kindly will help me,
He ever loves and cares for His own.

Chorus:
I must tell Jesus! I must tell Jesus!
I cannot bear my burdens alone;
I must tell Jesus! I must tell Jesus!
Jesus can help me, Jesus alone.

I must tell Jesus all of my troubles,
He is a kind, compassionate Friend;
If I but ask Him, He will deliver,
Make of my troubles quickly an end.

Tempted and tried, I need a great Saviour,
One who can help my burdens to bear;
I must tell Jesus, I must tell Jesus,
He all my cares and sorrows will share.

O how the world to evil allures me!
O how my heart is tempted to sin!
I must tell Jesus, and He will help me
Over the world the vict'ry to win.

668 I ASKED THE LORD

I asked the Lord to comfort me
When things weren't going my way;
He said to me, "I will comfort you,
And lift your cares away."
I asked the Lord to walk with me,
When darkness was all that I knew;
He said to me, "Never be afraid,
For I will see you through."
I didn't ask for riches,
He gave me wealth untold -
The moon, the stars, the sun, the sky,
And gave me eyes to behold.
I thank the Lord for e-verything,
And I count my blessings each day;
He came to me when I needed Him -
I only had to pray:
And He'll come to you, if you ask Him to -
He's only a prayer away!

669 I NEED THEE EVERY HOUR

I need Thee ev'ry hour, most gracious Lord;
No tender voice like Thine can peace afford.

Chorus:
I need Thee, O I need Thee; ev'ry hour I need Thee!
O bless me now, my Saviour - I come to Thee!

I need Thee every hour, stay Thou near by;
Temptations lose their pow' r when Thou art nigh.

I need Thee ev'ry hour, in joy or pain;
Come quickly and abide, or life is vain.

I need Thee ev'ry hour, teach me Thy will;
And Thy rich promises in me fulfill.

I need Thee ev'ry hour, most Holy One;
O make me Thine indeed, Thou blessed Son!

670 HOW LONG HAS IT BEEN?

How long has it been since you talked with the Lord
And told Him your heart's hidden secrets?
How long since you prayed? How long since you stayed
On your knees till the light shone through?
How long has it been since your mind felt at ease?
How long since your heart knew no burden?
Can you call Him your friend? How long has it been
Since you knew that He cared for you?

How long has it been since you knelt by your bed
And prayed to the Lord up in heaven?
How long since you knew that He'd answer you
And would keep you the long night through?
How long has it been since you woke with the dawn
And felt that the day's worth the living?
Can you call Him your friend? How long has it been
Since you knew that He cared for you?

671 HOLY PLACE

There is a holy place far from my rapid pace
Where I seek face to face my God and King.
I must go ev'ry day, and that without delay,
To read His word and pray and praises bring.

Chorus:
The Word of God will light the darkest path,
Its treasures flow with strength anew.
Help me to hide its words within my heart;
Take this hour, make me more like You!

So from my holy place back to my rapid pace
I bravely run the race he set for me.
He'll lead me all the way if I His Word obey
And on the altar lay anxiety.

672 HEAR OUR PRAYER, O LORD

Hear our pray'r, O Lord; hear our pray'r, O Lord;
Incline Thine ear to us and grant us Thy peace.

673 OUR FATHER, HEAR US WHEN WE PRAY

Our Father, hear us when we pray
With one accord through Thy dear Son.
On bended knee before Thy throne,
We wait on Thee.

We come to Thee with empty hands,
No merit of our own we bring,
Simply to Jesus' cross we cling,
Our cries attend!

With contrite and with loving hearts,
We seek Thy pardon and Thy grace.
Joy of salvation and of praise,
To us impart!

Help us carry our daily cross,
Bear up our burden with good cheer,
Be they so weary and so drear,
Mind not the loss!

We thank Thee for strength of each hour,
For health and wealth, for home and friends,
For peace and quiet confidence,
Our shield and tower!

We pray for church at home, abroad.
We pray for gov'nors of our land,
We pray for missions to earth's end,
Send forth Thy Word!

O Father, bless us when we part.
Thy Spirit pour down from on high.
Till Thy servants again draw nigh,
Breathe in our hearts!

674 NOW, DEAR LORD, AS WE PRAY

Now, dear Lord, as we pray,
Take our hearts and minds far away
From the press of this world all around
To Thy throne where grace doth abound.
May our life be transformed by Thy love,
May our soul be refreshed from above,
At this moment, let us worship Thee
In Thy presence and in Thy love.

675 NEAR TO THE HEART OF GOD

There is a place of quiet rest,
near to the heart of God,
A place where sin cannot molest,
near to the heart of God.

Chorus:
Oh Jesus blest Redeemer,
Sent from the heart of God,
Hold us, who wait before Thee,
Near to the heart of God.

There is a place of comfort sweet,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where we our Saviour meet,
Near to the heart of God.

There is a place of full release,
Near to the heart of God,
A place where all is joy and peace,
Near to the heart of God.

676 MY GOD, IS ANY HOUR SO SWEET

My God, is any hour so sweet,
From blush of morn to evening star,
As that which calls me to Thy feet,
The hour of prayer?

Then is my strength by Thee renewed;
Then are my sins by Thee forgiv'n;
Then dost Thou cheer my solitude
With hope of heav'n.

No words can tell what sweet relief
There for my ev'ry want I find.
What strength for warfare, balm for grief,
What peace of mind!

Hushed is each doubt, gone ev'ry fear;
My spirit seems in heav'n to stay:
And e'en the penitential tear
Is wiped away.

Lord, till I reach yon blissful shore,
No privilege so dear shall be
As thus my inmost soul to pour
In prayer to Thee.

677 I BELIEVE THE ANSWER'S ON THE WAY

I believe the answer's on the way,
I believe the Lord has heard me pray.
"Cast not away your confidence,"
Saith the Lord your God.
Now by faith in Him alone I stand,
Firmly held by His almighty hand,
Fully trusting in His promise,
Praise the Lord!

678 KEEP ON PRAYING

Keep on praying, the Lord is nigh;
Keep on praying, He'll hear your cry;
God has promised and He is true;
Keep on praying, He'll answer you.

679 PRECIOUS LORD, TAKE MY HAND

Precious Lord, take my hand,
Lead me on, help me stand -
I am tired, I am weak, I am worn;
Through the storm, through the night,
Lead me on to the light -
Take my hand, precious Lord,
Lead me home.

When my way grows drear,
Precious Lord, linger near -
When my life is almost gone;
Hear my cry, hear my call,
Hold my hand lest I fall -
Take my hand, precious Lord,
Lead me home.

680 BECAUSE HE LIVES

God sent His son, they called Him Jesus
He came to love, heal, and forgive.
He lived and died to buy my pardon,
An empty grave is there to prove my Saviour lives.

Chorus:
Because He lives, I can face tomorrow.
Because He lives, All fear is gone.
Because I know He holds the future,
And life is worth the living just because He lives.

How sweet to hold a newborn baby,
And feel the pride and joy he gives.
But greater still the calm assurance,
This child can face uncertain days because He lives.

The Son of God, He paid my ransom;
Went to the cross, My sins to bear.
No greater love! His life He laid down:
He died for me and thus for ever set me free.

Now I serve Him, My Living Saviour;
I walk with Him, from day to day.
He leads me on the heavenly pathway;
I know He keeps me in the shadow of His wings.

And then one day I'll cross the river,
I'll fight life's final war with pain.
And then as death gives way to victory,
I'll see the lights of glory and I'll know He lives.

681 CHRIST THE LORD IS RISEN TODAY

Christ the Lord is ris'n today, Al - le - lu - ia!
Sons of men and angels say: Al - le - lu - ia!
Raise your joys and triumphs high, Al - le - lu - ia!
Sing, ye heav'ns, and earth reply: Al - le - lu - ia!

Lives again our glorious King, Alleluia!
Where, O death, is now thy sting? Alleluia!
Dying once He all doth save, Alleluia!
Where thy victory, O grave? Alleluia!

Love's redeeming work is done, Alleluia!
Fought the fight, the battle won, Alleluia!
Death in vain forbids Him rise, Alleluia!
Christ has opened Paradise, Alleluia!

Soar we now where Christ has led, Alleluia!
Foll'wing our exalted Head, Alleluia!
Made like Him, like Him we rise, Alleluia!
Ours the cross, the grave, the skies, Alleluia!

682 CHRIST AROSE

Low in the grave He lay -
Jesus, my Saviour!
Waiting the coming day -
Je - sus, my Lord!

Chorus:
Up from the grave He arose,
With a mighty triumph o'er His foes;
He arose a Victor from the dark domain,
And He lives for-e-ver with His saints to reign:
He arose! He arose! Hallelujah! Christ arose!

Vainly they watch His bed -
Jesus, my Saviour!
Vainly they seal the dead -
Jesus, my Lord!

Death cannot keep his prey -
Jesus, my Saviour!
He tore the bars away -
Jesus, my Lord!

683 I KNOW THAT MY REDEEMER LIVETH

I know that my Redeemer liveth,
And on the earth again shall stand;
I know eternal life He giveth,
That grace and pow'r are in His hand.

Chorus:
I know, I know that Jesus liveth,
And on the earth again shall stand;
I know, I know that life He giveth,
That grace and pow'r are in His hand.

I know His promise never faileth,
The word He speaks, it cannot die;
Though cruel death my flesh assaileth,
Yet I shall see Him by and by.

I know my mansion He prepareth,
That where He is there I may be;
O wondrous thought, for me He careth,
And He at last will come for me.

684 I KNOW THAT MY REDEEMER LIVES

I know that my Redeemer lives
And ever prays for me;
A token of His love He gives,
A pledge of liberty.

I find Him lifting up my head;
He brings salvation near;
His presence makes me free indeed,
And he will soon appear.

He wills that I should holy be:
What can withstand His will?
The counsel of His grace in me
He surely shall fulfill.

Jesus, I hang upon Thy word:
I steadfastly believe
Thou wilt return and claim me, Lord,
And to Thyself receive.

685 OVER THE SUNSET MOUNTAINS

Over the sunset mountains,
Someday I'll softly go,
Into the arms of Jesus -
He who has loved me so.

Chorus:
Over the sunset mountains,
Heaven awaits for me;
Over the sunset mountains,
Jesus my Saviour I'll see.

Toiling will all be ended,
Shadows will flee away;
Sorrow will be forgotten -
Oh what a wonderful day!

686 HE LIVES

I serve a risen Saviour; He's in the world today.
I know that He is living, whatever men may say.
I see His hand of mercy; I hear His voice of cheer,
And just the time I need Him He's always near.

Chorus:
He lives, He lives, Christ Jesus lives today!
He walks with me and talks with me
Along life's narrow way.
He lives, He lives, salvation to impart!
You ask me how I know He lives?
He lives within my heart.

In all the world around me I see His loving care,
And though my heart grows weary I never will despair.
I know that He is leading, through all the stormy blast;
The day of His appearing will come at last.

Rejoice, rejoice, O Christian! Lift up your voice and sing
Eternal hallelujahs to Jesus Christ, the King!
The hope of all who seek Him, the help of all who find,
None other is so loving, so good and kind.

687 HE'S ALIVE

He's alive, He's alive, He's alive forevermore;
Jesus is risen from the dead!
He's alive, He's alive, He's alive forevermore;
Now He's become our Living Head.
Death no longer hath dominion,
Satan's pow'r is broken down,
He hath triumphed, Hallelujah!
And He wears the Victor's crown.
He's alive, He's alive, He's alive forevermore,
Jesus is risen from the dead!

688 WHAT IF IT WERE TODAY?

Jesus is coming to earth again -
What if it were today?
Coming in power and love to reign -
What if it were today?
Coming to claim His chosen Bride,
All the redeemed and purified,
Over this whole earth scattered wide -
What if it were today?

Chorus:
Glo - ry, glo - ry! Joy to my heart 'twill bring,
Glory, glory! When we shall crown Him King;
Glo - ry, glo - ry! Haste to prepare the way -
Glo - ry, glo - ry! Jesus will come some day.

Satan's dominion will then be o'er-
O that it were today!
Sorrow and sighing shall be no more-
O that it were today!
Then shall the dead in Christ arise,
Caught up to meet Him in the skies;
When shall these glories meet our eyes?
What if it were today?

Faithful and true would He find us here
If He should come today?
Watching in gladness and not in fear,
If He should come today?
Signs of His coming multiply,
Morning light breaks in eastern sky;
Watch, for the time is drawing nigh-
What if it were today?

689 CHRIST RETURNS!

Christ returns, Christ returns though we know not the day,
He may come at night or at noon-day bright.
If we're waiting to meet Him,
If we're watching to greet Him,
Then we'll sing Hallelujah, Hallelujah Amen.

690 WILL JESUS FIND US WATCHING?

When Jesus comes to reward HIs servants,
Whether it be noon or night,
Faithful to Him will He find us watching,
With our lamps all trimmed and bright?

Chorus:
O can we say we are ready, brother?
Ready for the soul's bright home?
Say, will He find you and me still watching,
Waiting, waiting when the Lord shall come?

If at the dawn of the early morning
He shall call us one by one,
When to the Lord we restore our talents,
Will He answer thee, "Well done"?

Have we been true to the trust He left us?
Do we seek to do our best?
If in our hearts there is naught condemns us,
We shall have a glorious rest.

Blessed are those whom the Lord finds watching,
In His glory they shall share;
If He shall come at the dawn or midnight,
Will He find us watching there?

691 CHRIST RETURNETH!

It may be at morn, when the day is awaking,
When sunlight thru darkness and shadow is breaking,
That Jesus will come in the fullness of glory
To receive from the world His own.

Chorus 4/4:
O Lord Jesus, how long, how long
Ere we shout the glad song -
Christ returneth! Hallelujah!
Hallelujah! Amen, Hallelujah! Amen.

It may be at midday, it may be at twilight,
It may be, perchance, that the blackness of midnight
Will burst into light in the blaze of His glory,
When Jesus receives His own.

While hosts cry Hosanna, from heaven descending,
With glorified saints and the angels attending,
With grace on His brow, like a halo of glory,
Will Jesus receive His own.

O joy! O delight! Should we go without dying,
No sickness, no sadness, no dread and no crying,
Caught up thru the clouds with our Lord into glory,
When Jesus receives His own.

692 WHAT A GATHERING!

On that bright and golden morning when the Son of man shall come,
And the radiance of His glory we shall see,
When from every clime and nation He shall call His people home,
What a gathering of the ransomed that will be!

Chorus:
What a gathering, what a gathering,
What a gathering of the ransomed in the summer land of love!
What a gathering, what a gathering
Of the ransomed in that happy home above!

When the blest who sleep in Jesus at His bidding shall arise,
From the silence of the grave and from the sea,
And with bodies all celestial they shall meet Him in the skies,
What a gathering and rejoicing there will be!

When our eyes behold the city with its many mansions bright
And its river, calm and restful, flowing free,
When the friends that death hath parted shall in bliss again unite,
What a gathering and a greeting there will be!

O the King is surely coming and the time is drawing nigh
When the blessed day of promise we shall see,
Then the changing "in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye,"
And forever in His presence we shall be.

693 WHEN HE COMETH

When He cometh, when He cometh,
To make up His jewels,
All His jewels, precious jewels,
His loved and His own.

Chorus:
Like the stars of the morning,
His bright crown adorning,
They shall shine in their beauty,
Bright gems for His crown.

He will gather, He will gather,
The gems for His kingdom,
All the pure ones, all the bright ones,
His loved and His own.

Little children, little children,
Who love their Redeemer.
Are the jewels, precious jewels,
His loved and His own.

694 WHEN THE ROLL IS CALLED UP YONDER
When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound
And time shall be no more,
And the morning breaks eternal, bright and fair
When the saved of earth shall gather over
On the other shore,
And the roll is called up yonder I'll be there!

Chorus:
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is called up yonder,
When the roll is called up yonder I'll be there!

On that bright and cloudless morning
When the dead in Christ shall rise
And the glory of His resurrection share
When his chosen ones shall gather
To their home beyond the skies,
And the roll is called up yonder I'll be there!

Let us labour for the Master
From the dawn till setting sun,
Let us talk of all His wondrous love and care;
Then when all of life is over
And our work on earth is done,
And the roll is called up yonder I'll be there!

695 IT WILL BE WORTH IT ALL

Oft-times the day seems long, our trials hard to bear,
We're tempted to complain, to murmur and despair;
But Christ will soon appear to catch His Bride away,
All tears forever over in God's eternal day.

Chorus:
It will be worth it all when we see Jesus,
Life's trials will seem so small when we see Christ;
One glimpse of His dear face all sorrow will erase,
So bravely run the race till we see Christ.

Sometimes the sky looks dark with not a ray of light,
We're tossed and driven on, no human help in sight;
But there is One in heav'n who knows our deepest care,
Let Jesus solve your problem - just go to Him in prayer.

Life's day will soon be o'er, all storms forever past,
We'll cross the great divide to glory, safe at last;
We'll share the joys of heav'n - a harp, a home, a crown,
The tempter will be banished, we'll lay our burdens down.

696 REDEMPTION DRAWETH NIGH

Years of time have come and gone
Since I first heard it told,
How Jesus would come again someday;
If back then it seemed so real,
Then I just can't help but feel
How much clo-ser His coming is today.

Chorus:
Signs of the times are everywhere,
For the Lord is coming in the air;
Keep your eyes upon the eastern sky,
Lift up your head, redemption draweth nigh.

Wars and strife on every hand,
And violence fills our land,
Still many people doubt He'll come again;
But the Word of God is true,
He'll redeem His chosen few,
Don't lose hope, soon Christ Jesus will descend.

697 SOME GOLDEN DAYBREAK

Some glorious morning sorrow will cease,
Some glorious morning all will be peace;
Heartaches all ended, toiling all done,
Heaven will open - Jesus will come.

Chorus:
Some golden daybreak Jesus will come;
Some golden daybreak, battles all won,
He'll shout the victory, break through the blue,
Some golden daybreak, for me, for you.

Sad hearts will gladden, all shall be bright,
Goodbye forever to earth's dark night;
Changed in a moment, like Him to be,
Oh, glorious daybreak, Jesus I'll see.

Oh, what a meeting, there in the skies,
No tears nor crying shall dim our eyes;
Loved ones united eternally,
Oh, what a daybreak that morn will be.

698 O GLORIOUS DAY!

O weary soul, are you by sorrows burdened?
Look to the Lord our glorious coming King;
He reigns on high, our blessed Intercessor,
He pleads our cause who serve Him here below!

Chorus:
So till He come, I'll watch and pray rejoicing;
Till He come, each day I'll labour on.
Then soon one day, my eyes shall see my Saviour
Descend the clouds - O glorious day!

I think of Him - 'twas first He thought about me,
And chose me by His grace so rich and free;
He gave to me a garment pure and spotless,
And wrote my name in heaven's Book of Life!

He bids me walk in pathways strait and narrow,
And shun the gate so wide, and broad the way;
For me He has prepared a place in heaven;
Someday He'll come to take me home on high!

"O weary soul, let not your heart be troubled;
Believe in God, believe also in Me!"
When Christ shall come, believers shall be transformed;
We'll be like Him - O glorious, glorious day!

699 MAYBE TODAY

My Lord will come, it may be soon,
It could be morning, night, or noon;
Till then I'll watch and work and pray,
When He comes, I'll go home, there to stay.

Chorus:
Maybe today, my Lord will come for me,
Maybe today, my Saviour I shall see;
Maybe today from sin I shall be free,
Jesus will come, and I will go home, it may be today.

My Lord will come, I know not when,
But this is sure, He'll come again;
With eager eyes I look for Him,
In His presence new joy will begin.

We'll sing His praise, forever more,
When we have entered heaven's door;
Redeemed from all our sin and strife,
There we'll know perfect love, endless life.

700 ONE DAY!

One day when heaven was filled with His praises,
One day when sin was as black as could be,
Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin,
Dwelt among men, my example is He!

Chorus:
Living, He loved me; dying, He saved me;
Buried, He carried my sins far away;
Rising, He justified freely forever:
One day He's coming - oh, glorious day!

One day they led Him up Calvary's mountain,
One day they nailed Him to die on the tree;
Suffering anguish, despised and rejected,
Bearing our sins, my Redeemer is He!

One day they left Him alone in the garden,
One day He rested, from suffering free;
Angels came down o'er His tomb to keep vigil;
Hope of the hopeless, my Saviour is He!

One day the grave could conceal Him no longer,
One day the stone rolled away from the door;
Then He arose, over death He has conquered,
Now is ascended, my Lord evermore!

One day the trumpet will sound for His coming,
One day the skies with His glory will shine;
Wonderful day, my beloved ones bringing;
Glorious Saviour, this Jesus is mine!

701 HE'LL BREAK THROUGH THE BLUE

Are you waiting and watching, my brother?
Are you working each day by His grace?
He is coming to take us to glory,
We'll see Jesus face to face.

Chorus:
He'll break through the blue sometime soon,
Some morning or night or noon;
He's coming to take us away
To heaven's eternal day.

Are you teaching and telling the story?
Are you trying to serve Him each day?
Soon the trumpet will sound for His coming,
And millions will be caught away.

702 JESUS IS COMING AGAIN

Marvellous message we bring,
Glorious carols we sing,
Wonderful word of the King:
Jesus is coming again!

Chorus:
Coming again, coming again;
Maybe morning, maybe noon,
Maybe evening and maybe soon!
Coming again, coming again;
O what a wonderful day it will be--
Jesus is coming again!
Forest and flower exclaim,
Mountain and meadow the same,
All earth and heaven proclaim:
Jesus is coming again!

Standing before Him at last,
Trial and trouble all past,
Crowns at His feet we will cast:
Jesus is coming again!

703 IN THE HOUSE AND OUT OF DOORS

Shaking mats and scrubbing floors,
In the house and out of doors;
Washing, ironing, darning too,
These are things that girls can do.

Chorus:
I'll do it all for Jesus,
I'll do it all for Jesus,
I'll do it all for Jesus,
He did so much for me.

Boys can be as handy too,
With a hammer, wrench or screw;
Shovelling coal or chopping wood,
They could do this if they would.

In the house and out of doors,
Washing shoes and scrubbing floors.
Washing, ironing, brewing tea,
Sometimes cooking Hokkien mee.

704 THE LONGER I SERVE HIM

Since I started for the kingdom,
Since my life He controls,
Since I gave my heart to Jesus,
The longer I serve Him the sweeter He grows.

Chorus:
The longer I serve Him, the sweeter He grows,
The more that I love Him, more love He bestows;
Each day is like heaven, my heart overflows
The longer I serve Him, the sweeter He grows.

Every need He is supplying,
Plenteous grace He bestows;
Every day my way gets brighter
The longer I serve Him the sweeter He grows.

705 I WILL SERVE THEE

I will serve Thee because I love Thee
You have given life to me
I was nothing before You found me
You have given life to me
Heartaches, broken pieces
Ruined lives are why You died on Calvary
Your touch was what I longed for
You have given life to me

706 THIS LITTLE LIGHT OF MINE

This little light of mine,I'm going to let it shine.
This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine,
Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine.

Hide it under a bushel? NO! I'm going to let it shine.
Hide it under a bushel? NO! I'm going to let it shine.
Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine.

Let it shine round Singapore, I'm going to let it shine.
Let it shine round Singapore, I'm going to let it shine.
Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine.

Don't let Satan blow it out, I'm going to let it shine.
Don't let Satan blow it out, I'm going to let it shine.
Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine.

707 BE YE STEADFAST

Be ye steadfast, unmovable,
Always abounding in the work of the Lord.
O be ye steadfast, unmovable,
Always lifting high His sword!
We know that all our la - bour in vain would never be.
O be ye steadfast, un-mov - a-ble!
We have the victory!

708 I'M IN THE LORD'S ARMY

I may never march in the infantry,
Ride in the cavalry, shoot the artillery;
I may never fly o'er the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's army.
I'm in the Lord's army, I'm in the Lord's army,
I may never march in the infantry,
Ride in the cavalry, shoot the artillery;
I may never fly o'er the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's army.

709 JESUS BIDS US SHINE

Jesus bids us shine, with a clear, pure light,
Like a little candle burning in the night;
In this world of darkness we must shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, first of all for Him;
Well He sees and knows it if our light is dim;
He looks down from heaven, sees us shine,
You in your small corner, and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, then, for all around
Many kinds of darkness in this world abound.
Sin and want and sorrow: we must shine,
You in your small corner and I in mine.

Jesus bids us shine, as we work for Him,
Bringing those that wander from the paths of sin;
He will ever help us, if we shine,
You in your small corner and I in mine.

710 OBEDIENCE

O-be-di-ence is the very best way to show that you believe.
Doing exactly what the Lord commands, do it happily.
Action is the key, do it i-mme-di-ate-ly; joy you will receive!
O-be-di-ence is the very best way to show that you believe.
O-B-E-D - I - E-N-C-E!
O-be-di-ence is the very best way to show that you believe.

We want to live pure, we want to live clean.
We want to do our best.
Sweetly submitting to authority, leaving to God the rest.
Walking in the light, keep our attitudes right,
On the narrow way.
For if you believe the Word you receive,
You always will obey.
O-B-E-D-I-E-N-C-E!
O-be-di-ence is the very best way to show that you believe.

711 REVIVE US AGAIN

We praise Thee, O God, for the Son of Thy love,
For Jesus who died and is now gone above.

Chorus:
Hallelujah! Thine the glory, Hallelujah! Amen;
Hallelujah! Thine the glory; revive us again.

We praise Thee, O God, for Thy Spirit of light,
Who hath shown us our Saviour and scattered our night.

All glory and praise to the Lamb that was slain,
Who has borne all our sins, and has cleansed every stain.

Revive us again, fill each heart with Thy love;
May each soul be rekindled with fire from above.

712 ANOTHER YEAR IS DAWNING

Another year is dawning, dear Father, let it be
In working or in waiting, another year with Thee.
Another year of leaning upon Thy loving breast;
Another year of trusting, of quiet, happy rest.

Another year of mercies, of faithfulness and grace,
Another year of gladness in the shining of Thy face;
Another year of progress, another year of praise,
Another year of proving Thy grace all the days.

Another year of service, of witness for Thy love,
Another year of training for holier work above.
Another year is dawning, dear Father, let it be
On earth, or else in Heaven, another year for Thee.

713 READY

Ready to suffer grief or pain,
Ready to stand the test;
Ready to stay at home and send
Others if He sees best.

Chorus:
Ready to go, ready to stay,
Ready my place to fill;
Ready for service lowly or great,
Ready to do His will.

Ready to go, ready to bear,
Ready to watch and pray;
Ready to stand aside and give
Till He shall clear the way.

Ready to speak, ready to think,
Ready with heart and mind;
Ready to stand where He sees fit,
Ready his will to find.

Ready to speak, ready to warn,
Ready o'er souls to yearn;
Ready in life or ready in death,
Ready for His return.

714 REVIVE THY WORK, O LORD

Revive Thy work, O Lord,
Thy mighty arm make bare;
Speak with the voice that wakes the dead,
And make thy people hear!

Chorus:
Revive Thy work, O Lord,
while here to Thee we bow;
Descend, O gracious Lord, descend,
O come and bless us now.

Revive Thy work, O Lord!
Disturb this sleep of death;
Quicken the smold'ring members
Now by Thy Almighty breath.

Revive Thy work, O Lord,
Create soul thirst for Thee;
And hung'ring for the Bread of Life,
O may our spirits be!

Revive Thy work, O Lord!
Exalt Thy precious name;
And, by the Holy Ghost, our love
For Thee and Thine inflame.

715 THE KING'S BUSINESS

I am a stranger here within a foreign land,
My home is far away upon a golden strand;
Ambassador to be of realms beyond the sea,
I'm here on business for my King.

Chorus:
This is the message that I bring,
A message angels fain would sing;
"Oh, be ye reconciled,"
Thus saith my Lord and King,
"Oh, be ye reconciled to God."

This is the King's command, that all men everywhere
Repent and turn away from sin's seductive snare;
That all who will obey with Him shall reign for aye,
And that's my business for my King.

My home is brighter far than Sharon's rosy plain,
Eternal life and joy throughout its vast domain;
My Sovereign bids me tell how mortals there may dwell,
And that's my business for my King.

716 WORK, FOR THE NIGHT IS COMING

Work, for the night is coming, work through the morning hours;
Work while the dew is sparkling; work 'mid springing flowers.
Work when the day grows brighter, work in the glowing sun;
Work, for the night is coming, when man's work is done.

Work, for the night is coming, work through the sunny noon;
Fill brightest hours with labour, rest comes sure and soon.
Give every flying minute something to keep in store;
Work, for the night is coming, when man works no more.

Work, for the night is coming, under the sunset skies;
While their bright tints are glowing, work, for daylight flies.
Work till the last beam fadeth, fadeth to shine no more;
Work, while the night is darkening, when man's work is over.

717 MAKE ME A SERVANT

Make me a servant, humble and meek,
Lord, help me lift up those who are weak.
And may the prayer of my heart always be -
Make me a servant, make me a servant,
Make me a servant today.

718 SPEAK JUST A WORD FOR JESUS

Speak just a word for Jesus,
tell how He died for you;
Often repeat the story,
wonderful, glad and true!

Chorus:
Speak just a word,
ever to Him be true;
Speak just a word,
tell what He's doing for you!

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Tell how He helps you live;
Tell of the strength and comfort
Which He will freely give!

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Do not for others wait;
Gladly proclaim the message
Soon it willl be too late!

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Why should you doubt or fear?
Surely His love will bless it;
Someone will gladly hear.

Speak just a word for Jesus,
Tell of His love for men!
Someone distressed may listen,
Willing to trust Him then.

719 TO THE WORK!

To the work! To the work! We are servants of God,
Let us follow the path that our Master has trod;
With the balm of His counsel our strength to renew,
Let us do with our might what our hands find to do.

Chorus:
Toiling on, toiling on, Toiling on, toiling on,
Let us hope, let us watch, and labour till the master comes.

To the work! To the work! Let the hungry be fed,
To the fountain of life let the weary be led;
In the cross and its banner our glory shall be,
While we herald the tidings, Salvation is free!

To the work! To the work! There is labor for all,
For the kingdom of darkness and error shall fall;
And the name of Jehovah exalted shall be
In the loud swelling chorus, Salvation is free!

To the work! To the work! In the strength of the Lord,
And a robe and a crown shall our labor reward
When the home of the faithful our dwelling shall be
And we shout with the ransomed, Salvation is free!

720 MAKE ME A CHANNEL OF BLESSING

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Is the love of God flowing through you?
Are you telling the lost of the Saviour?
Are you ready His service to do?

Chorus:
Make me a channel of blessing today,
Make me a channel of blessing, I pray;
My life possessing, my service blessing,
Make me a channel of blessing today.

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Are you burdened for those who are lost?
Have you urged upon those who are straying
The Saviour who died on the cross?

Is your life a channel of blessing?
Is it daily telling for Him?
Have you spoken the word of salvation
To those who are dying in sin?

We cannot be channels of blessing
If we consciously trifle with sin;
We will barriers be and a hindrance
To those we are trying to win.

721 MAKE ME A BLESSING

Out in the highways and byways of life,
Many are weary and sad;
Carry the sunshine where darkness is rife,
Making the sorrowing glad.

Chorus:
Make me a blessing, make me a blessing,
Out of my life, may Je - sus shine;
Make me a blessing, O Saviour, I pray,
Make me a blessing to someone today.

Tell the sweet story of Christ and His love,
Tell of His pow'r to forgive;
Others will trust Him if only you prove,
True, every moment you live.

Give as 'twas given to you in your need,
Love as the Master loved you;
Be to the helpless a helper indeed,
Unto your mission be true.

722 JOYFULLY SERVING THE KING

Joyfully, joyfully onward we tread,
Safely and surely by Jesus we're led;
Where He may call us, we'll go without fear,
Nothing can harm us when He is so near.

Chorus:
Joyfully, joyfully serving the King,
Joyfully, joyfully, praises we sing;
Loyally, loyally striving to do
Something for Jesus the whole journey through.

Joyfully, joyfully laying aside
All that may hinder to follow our Guide;
Faithfully serving, glad workers are we,
Now in life's morning His own we would be.

Joyfully, joyfully praises we sing,
Lifting our voices to Jesus our King;
Friend of all others, the dearest and best,
Those who obey Him will surely be blest.

723 JOY IN SERVING JESUS

There is joy in serving Jesus, as I journey on my way,
Joy that fills the heart with praises, every hour and every day.

Chorus:
There is joy, joy, joy in serving Jesus,
Joy that throbs within my heart;
Every moment, every hour,
As I draw upon His pow'r,
There is joy, joy, joy that never shall depart.

There is joy in serving Jesus, joy that triumphs over pain;
Fills my soul with heaven's music, till I join the glad refrain.

There is joy in serving Jesus, as I walk alone with God;
'Tis the joy of Christ, my Saviour, who the path of suffering trod.

There is joy in serving Jesus, joy amid the darkest night,
For I've learned the wondrous secret, and I'm walking in the light.

724 CAN A LITTLE CHILD LIKE ME

Can a little child like me
Thank the Father fittingly?
Yes, O yes! Be good and true,
Patient, kind in all you do;
Love the Lord, and do your part;
Learn to say with all your heart,

Chorus:
Father, we thank Thee, Father, we thank Thee!
Father in heav'n, We thank Thee!

For the fruit upon the tree,
For the birds that sing of Thee,
For the earth in beauty dressed,
Father, mother, and the rest,
For Thy precious, loving care,
For Thy bounty ev'rywhere,

For the sunshine warm and bright,
For the day and for the night,
For the lessons of our youth:
Honour, gratitude and truth,
For the love that met us here,
For the home and for the cheer,

For our comrades and our plays,
And our happy holidays
For the joyful work and true
That a little child may do,
For our lives but just begun,
For the great gift of Thy Son,

725 DEAR WONDERFUL JESUS

Dear wonderful Jesus, Saviour divine,
We are the branches, you are the vine;
You brought us salvation and made the sun shine.
Dear wonderful Jesus, marvellous Friend,
I'm glad You are mine.

726 FATHER, I THANK YOU

Father, I thank You, for all that You've done.
You gave your Son freely for me.
And I praise You for calling me drawing me near.
Out of blindness You caused me to see.

(Not in official TSMS)
Spirit of life, You are God's holy fire
You've kindled my heart with Your blaze
And I know You're refining me
Changing my life
And by faith You're revealing Your ways

(Not in official TSMS)
Jesus, I need You as Lord of my life
I give all I have unto You
Lord, I want to come under
Your heavenly hand
And to praise You in all that I do.

727 COUNT YOUR BLESSINGS

When upon life's billows you are tempest tossed,
When you are discouraged, thinking all is lost,
Count your many blessings, name them one by one,
And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done.

Chorus:
Count your blessings, name them one by one,
Count your blessings, see what God hath done!
Count your blessings, name them one by one,
Count your many blessings see what God hath done.

Are you ever burdened with a load of care?
Does the cross seem heavy you are called to bear?
Count your many blessings, every doubt will fly,
And you will be singing as the days go by.

When you look at others with their lands and gold,
Think that Christ has promised you His wealth untold;
Count your many blessings. money cannot buy
Your reward in heaven, nor your home on high.

So, amid the conflict whether great or small,
Do not be discouraged, God is over all;
Count your many blessings, angels will attend,
Help and comfort give you to your journey's end.

728 GOD IS SO WONDERFUL

God is so wonderful, I can't explain,
But I can sing, "Glory Hallelujah!
Praise His holy name!"
God is so wonderful, I can't explain,
But I can sing, "Glory Hallelujah!
Praise His holy name!"
It's wonderful because He saved me;
It's wonderful that He forgave me.
It's wonderful, wonderful, so very wonderful,
Wonderful that He is mine.

I cast on Him my every burden,
Lay at His feet my every care.
It's wonderful, wonderful, so very wonderful
Wonderful that He is mine.

729 WE PLOUGH THE FIELDS

We plough the fields, and scatter
The good seed on the land,
But it is fed and watered
By God's almighty hand;
He sends the snow in winter,
The warmth to swell the grain,
The breezes and the sunshine,
And soft refreshing rain:

Chorus:
All good gifts around us
Are sent from heav'n above ;
Then thank the Lord, O thank the Lord,
For all His love.

He only is the Maker
Of all things near or far;
He paints the wayside flower;
He lights the ev'ning star;
The winds and winds obey Him;
By Him the birds are fed;
Much more to us, His children,
He gives our daily bread.

We thank Thee then, O Father,
For all things bright and good,
The seed time and the harvest,
Our life, our health, our food.
No gift have we to offer
For all Thy love imparts,
But that which Thou desirest
Our humble, thankful hearts.

730 THE LORD HAS DONE GREAT THINGS FOR US

The Lord has done great things for us whereof we are glad,
The Lord has done great things for us whereof we are glad.
He cannot fail, His Word is true,
We're trusting Him, He'll see us through.
The Lord has done great things for us whereof we are glad.

731 SINCE JESUS CAME INTO MY HEART

What a wonderful change in my life has been wrought
Since Jesus came into my heart;
I have light in my soul for which long I had sought,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

Chorus:
Since Jesus came into my heart,
Since Jesus came into my heart,
Floods of joy over my soul like the sea billows roll,
Since Jesus came into my heart.

I have ceased from my wand'ring and going astray,
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And my sins, which were many, are all washed away,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

I possessed of a hope that is steadfast and sure
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And no dark clouds of doubt now my pathway obscure
Since Jesus came into my heart!

There's a light in the valley of death now for me,
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And the gates of the City beyond I can see,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

I shall go there to dwell in that City, I know,
Since Jesus came into my heart;
And I'm happy, so happy, as onward I go,
Since Jesus came into my heart!

732 THE LORD IS GOOD

The Lord is good - tell it wherever you go,
The Lord is good - tell it that others may know;
Tell of His blessing and tell of His love,
Tell how He's coming from heaven above;
The Lord is good - tell it wherever you go!

733 THANK YOU, JESUS

Thank You, Jesus, for Your love for me,
Thank You, Jesus, for Your grace so free.
I lift my voice to praise Your Name,
Praise You again and again,
You are everything, You are my God.

734 THANKS TO GOD!

Thanks to God for my Redeemer,
Thanks for all Thou dost provide!
Thanks for times now but a mem'ry,
Thanks for Jesus by my side!
Thanks for pleasant, balmy springtime,
Thanks for dark and dreary fall!
Thanks for tears by now forgotten,
Thanks for peace within my soul!

Thanks for prayers that Thou hast answered,
Thanks for what Thou dost deny!
Thanks for storms that I have weathered,
Thanks for all Thou dost supply!
Thanks for pain, and thanks for pleasure,
Thanks for comfort in despair!
Thanks for grace that none can measure,
Thanks for love beyond compare!

Thanks for roses by the wayside,
Thanks for thorns their stems contain!
Thanks for home and thanks for fireside,
Thanks for hope, that sweet refrain!
Thanks for joy and thanks for sorrow,
Thanks for heav'nly peace with Thee!
Thanks for hope in the tomorrow,
Thanks through all eternity!

735 THANK YOU, LORD, FOR SAVING MY SOUL

Some thank the Lord for friends and home,
For mercies sure and sweet;
But I would praise Him for his grace-
In prayer I would repeat:

Chorus:
Thank you, Lord, for saving my soul,
Thank you, Lord, for making me whole;
Thank you, Lord, for giving to me
Thy great salvation so rich and free.

Some thank Him for the flow'rs that grow,
Some for the stars that shine;
My heart is filled with joy and praise
Because I know He's mine.

I trust in Him from day to day,
I prove His saving grace;
I'll sing this song of praise to Him
Until I see His face.

736 THANK YOU FOR EVERY NEW GOOD MORNING

Thank You for every new good morning,
Thank You for every fresh new day.
Thank You that I may cast my burdens
Wholly on to You.

Thank You for every friend I have, Lord,
Thank You for everyone I know.
Thank You when I can feel forgiveness
To my greatest foe.

Thank You for leisure and employment,
Thank You for every heartfelt joy,
Thank You for all that makes me happy
And for melody.

Thank You for grace to know your Gospel,
Thank You for all Your Spirit's power,
Thank You for Your unfailing love
Which reaches far and near.

Thank You for free and full salvation,
Thank You for grace to hold it fast.
Thank You, O Lord, I want to thank You
That I'm free to thank,
That I'm free to thank!

737 THANK YOU, LORD

Thank you, Lord, for the trials that come my way,
In that way I can grow each day, as I let You lead;
And thank You, Lord, for the patience those trials bring,
In that process of growing, I can learn to care.

Chorus:
But it goes against the way I am,
To put my human nature down
And let the Spirit take control of all I do;
'Cause when those trials come,
My human nature shouts the thing to do,
And God's soft prompting can be easily ignored.

But I thank You, Lord, with each trial I feel inside,
That you're there to help, lead and guide my way from wrong;
'Cause You've promised, Lord, that with every testing,
That your way of escaping, is easier to bear.

Yes, I thank You, Lord, For the vict'ry that growing brings
In surrender of everything, life is so worthwhile;
And I thank You, Lord, that when everything's put in place,
Out in front I can see your face and it's there You belong.

738 SHINING FOR JESUS

Shining for Jesus everywhere I go,
Shining for Jesus in this world of woe;
Shining for Jesus, more like Him I grow;
Shining all the time for Je-sus.

Chorus:
Shining all the time, shining all the time;
Shining for Jesus, beams of love divine;
Glorifying Him every day and hour;
Shining all the time for Je-sus.

Shining for Jesus when the way is bright;
Shining for Jesus in the darkest night;
Shining for Jesus, making burdens light;
Shining all the time for Jesus.

739 HE LIFTED ME

In lovingkindness Jesus came
My soul in mercy to reclaim
And from the depths of sin and shame
Through grace He lifted me.

Chorus:
From sinking sand He lifted me;
With tender hand He lifted me;
From shades of night to plains of light,
O praise His name, He lifted me!

He called me long before I heard,
Before my sinful heart was stirred;
But when I took Him at His word,
Forgiven He lifted me.

His brow was pierced with many a thorn,
His hands by cruel nails were torn,
When from my guilt and grief, forlorn,
In love He lifted me.

Now on a higher plane I dwell,
And with my soul I know 'tis well;
Yet how or why, I cannot tell,
He should have lifted me.

740 HEAVEN CAME DOWN

O what a wonderful, wonderful day -
Day I will never forget;
After I'd wandered in darkness away,
Jesus my savior, I met.
O what a tender, compassionate friend -
He met the need of my heart;
Shadows dispelling, with joy I am telling,
He made all the darkness depart.

Chorus:
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul,
When at the cross the Savior made me whole;
My sins were washed away, and my night was turned to day -
Heaven came down and glory filled my soul.

Born of the Spirit with life from above
Into God's family divine,
Justified fully through Calvary's love,
O what a standing is mine!
And the transaction so quickly was made,
When as a sinner I came,
Took of the offer of grace He did proffer -
He saved me, O praise His dear name!

Now I've a hope that will surely endure
After the passing of time;
I have a future in Heaven for sure,
There in those mansions sublime.
And it's because of that wonderful day,
When at the cross I believed;
Riches eternal and blessings supernal
From his precious hand I received.

741 THANKS BE TO GOD

Thanks be to God who always causes us to triumph.
Thanks be to God, who gives the victory in His name.
Thanks be to God, who fills our hearts with joy and gladness.
Let all the saints sing praise to the Lord,
All His wondrous works proclaim.

Thanks be to God who always causes us to triumph.
Thanks be to God, who gives the victory in His name.
Thanks be to God, who fills our hearts with joy and gladness.
Let all the saints sing praise to the Lord,
All His wondrous works proclaim.

742 HE IS SO PRECIOUS TO ME

So precious is Jesus, my Saviour, my King,
His praise all the day long with rapture I sing;
To Him in my weakness for strength I can cling,
For He is so precious to me.

Chorus:
For He is so precious to me,
For He is so precious to me;
'Tis heaven below my Redeemer to know,
For He is so precious to me.

He stood at my heart's door 'mid sunshine and rain,
And patiently waited an entrance to gain;
What shame that so long He entreated in vain,
For He is so precious to me.

I stand on the mountain of blessing at last,
No cloud in the heavens a shadow to cast;
His smile is upon me, the valley is past,
For He is so precious to me.

I praise Him because He appointed a place
Where some day, through faith in His wonderful grace,
I know I shall see Him - shall look on His face,
For He is so precious to me.

743 I HAVE FOUND A FRIEND IN JESUS

I have found a friend in Jesus - He's everything to me,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul;
The Lily of the Valley - in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole.
In sorrow He's my comfort, in trouble He's my stay,
He tells me ev'ry care on Him to roll; Hallelujah!

Chorus:
He's the Lily of the Valley,
The Bright and Morning Star,
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul.

He all my griefs has taken and all my sorrows borne,
In temptation He's my strong and mighty tow'r;
I have all for Him forsaken and all my idols torn
From my heart, and now He keeps me by His pow'r.
Though all the world forsake me and Satan tempt me sore,
Through Jesus I shall safely reach the goal; Hallelujah!

He will never, never leave me nor yet forsake me here,
While I live by faith and do His blessed will;
A wall of fire about me, I've nothing now to fear -
With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill.
Then sweeping up to glory I'll see His blessed face,
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll; Hallelujah!

744 IT IS GLORY JUST TO WALK WITH HIM

It is glory just to walk with Him whose blood has ransomed me,
It is rapture for my soul each day;
It is joy divine to feel Him near wher-e'er my path may be -
Bless the Lord, it's glory all the way!

Chorus:
It is glory just to walk with Him,
It is glory just to walk with Him;
He will guide my steps aright thru the vale and o'er the height -
It is glory just to walk with Him.

It is glory when the shadows fall to know that He is near,
O what joy to simply trust and pray!
It is glory to abide in Him when skies above are clear -
Yes, with Him it's glory all the way!

'Twill be glory when I walk with Him on heaven's golden shore,
Never from His side again to stray;
'Twill be glory, wondrous glory with the Savior evermore -
Everlasting glory all the way!

745 IN MY HEART THERE RINGS A MELODY

I have a song that Jesus gave me,
It was sent from heav'n above;
There never was a sweeter melody,
'Tis a melody of love.

Chorus:
In my heart there rings a melody,
There rings a melody with heaven's harmony;
In my heart there rings a melody,
There rings a melody of love.

I love the Christ who died on Calv'ry,
For He washed my sins away;
He put within my heart a melody,
And I know it's there to stay.

'Twill be my endless theme in glory,
With the angels I will sing;
'Twill be a song with glorious harmony,
When the courts of heaven ring.

746 IN MY HEART

In my heart there rings a melody,
There rings a melody with heaven's harmony;
In my heart there rings a melody,
There rings a melody of love.

Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! Sweetest name I know;
Fills my every longing, keeps me singing as I go.

Wonderful, wonderful, Jesus is to me;
Counsellor, Mighty God, Prince of Peace is He,
Saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame;
Wonderful is my Redeemer, praise His name!

747 I WILL SING OF THE MERCIES OF THE LORD

I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever,
I will sing, I will sing,
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever,
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord.
With my mouth will I make known
Thy faithfulness, Thy faithfulness,
With my mouth will I make known
Thy faithfulness to all generations.
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever,
I will sing, I will sing,
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever,
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord.

748 I'VE FOUND A FRIEND

I've found a Friend, Oh, such a Friend!
He loved me ere I knew Him;
He drew me with the cords of love,
And thus He bound me to Him.
And round my heart still closely twine
Those ties which naught can sever,
For I am His, and He is mine,
Forever and forever.

I've found a Friend, Oh, such a Friend!
He bled, He died to save me;
And not alone the gift of life,
But His own self He gave me.
Naught that I have my own I call,
I hold it for the Giver;
My heart, my strength, my life, my all,
Are His, and His forever.

I've found a Friend, Oh, such a Friend!
All pow'r to him is given,
To guard me on my onward course,
And bring me safe to heaven.
The eternal glories gleam afar,
To nerve my faint endeavor;
So now to watch, to work, to war,
And then to rest forever.

I've found a Friend, Oh, such a Friend!
So kind, and true and tender,
So wise a Counsellor and Guide,
So mighty a Defender!
From Him who loves me now so well,
What pow'r my soul can sever?
Shall life or death, or earth or hell?
No; I am His forever.

749 I'M SINGING FOR MY LORD

I'm singing for my Lord everywhere I go,
Singing of His wondrous love that the world may know,
How He saved a wretch like me by His death at Calvary,
I'm singing for my Lord everywhere I go.

I'm singing, but sometimes heavy is the load,
For this world is not a friend to the grace of God.
Yet I sing the whole day long for He fills my heart with song,
I'm singing for my Lord everywhere I go.

I'm singing for the lost just because I know,
Jesus Christ, whose precious blood washes white as snow.
If my songs to Him can bring some lost souls I'll gladly sing,
I'm singing for my Lord everywhere I go.

I'm singing for the saints as they journey home,
Soon they'll reach that happy land where they'll never roam,
And with me they'll join and sing praises to our Lord and King,
I'm singing for my Lord everywhere I go.

750 I WILL SING OF MY REDEEMER

I will sing of my Redeemer,
And His wondrous love to me;
On the cruel cross He suffered,
From the curse to set me free.

Chorus:
Sing, O sing, of my Redeemer!
With His blood He purchased me,
On the cross He sealed my pardon,
Paid the debt, and made me free.

I will tell the wondrous story,
How my lost estate to save,
In His boundless love and mercy,
He the ransom freely gave.

I will praise my Redeemer,
His triumphant pow'r I'll tell,
How the victory He giveth
Over sin and death and hell.

I will sing of my Redeemer,
And His heav'nly love to me;
He from death to life hath brought me,
Son of God with Him to be.

751 O IT IS WONDERFUL TO BE A CHRISTIAN

Life has purpose now it never had before.
There is meaning to each day and even more;
For a joy and peace I can't explain is mine,
Since I found new life in Christ, my Lord divine.

Chorus:
O it is wonderful to be a Christian;
O it is wonderful to be God's child!
O it is wonderful to have your sins forgiven;
O it is wonderful to be redeemed,
Justified, forever reconciled!

I can go directly to the Lord in prayer,
He has told me I may boldly enter there,
And He listens as His promises I plead.
I find mercy there and grace for every need.

And the hope of heaven's glories thrills me so,
Where I'll live with Christ forevermore, I know;
That is why the things of earth I loosely hold.
I've eternal riches, better far than gold.

752 O IT IS WONDERFUL!

I stand all amazed at the love Jesus offers me,
Confused at the grace that so fully He proffers me;
I tremble to know that for me He was crucified -
That for me, a sinner, He suffered, He bled, and died.

Chorus:
O it is wonderful - That He should care for me
Enough to die for me!
O it is wonderful - Wonderful to me!

I marvel that He would descend from His throne divine
To rescue a soul so rebellious and proud as mine;
That He should extend His great love unto such as I -
Sufficient to own, to redeem, and to justify.

I think of His hands pierced and bleeding to pay the debt!
Such mercy, such love and devotion can I forget?
No, no! I will praise and adore at the mercy-seat,
Until at the glorified throne I kneel at His feet.

753 PRAISE GOD, FROM WHOM ALL BLESSINGS FLOW

Praise God, from whom all blessings flow;
Praise Him, all creatures here below;
Praise Him above, ye heav'nly host;
Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen.

754 I'VE NEVER BEEN SORRY

I've never been sorry I heeded God's call.
I've never been sorry I yielded my all.
My walk with the Master grows sweeter each day;
I've never been sorry one step of the way.

755 I WILL SING THE WONDROUS STORY

I will sing the wondrous story of the Christ who died for me -
How He left His home in glory for the cross of Calvary.

Chorus:
Yes, I'll sing the wondrous story of the Christ who died for me,
Sing it with the saints in glory, gathered by the crystal sea.

I was lost but Jesus found me - found the sheep that went astray,
Threw His loving arms around me, drew me back into His way.

I was bruised but Jesus healed me - faint was I from many a fall;
Sight was gone and fears possessed me, but He freed me from them all.

Days of darkness still come o'er me, sorrow's paths I often tread;
But the Saviour still is with me - by His hand I'm safely led.

He will keep me till the river rolls its waters at my feet;
Then He'll bear me safely over, where the loved ones I shall meet.

756 I BELIEVE THE BIBLE

I believe the Bible,
I believe the Bible;
I believe the Bible,
Is the Word of God.

I believe in Jesus,
I believe in Jesus;
I believe in Jesus,
He's the Son of God.

Jesus died for sinners,
Jesus died for sinners;
Jesus died for sinners,
Jesus died for me.

Jesus Christ is risen,
Jesus Christ is risen;
Jesus Christ is risen,
He arose for me.

757 WORDLESS BOOK SONG

My heart was dark with sin,
Until the Saviour came in;
His precious blood, I know,
Has washed me white as snow.
And in God's Word I'm told
I'll walk the streets of gold;
To grow in Christ each day,
I read my Bible and pray.

A new life God gave to me,
New life abundant and free;
He wants this new life to grow,
The Bible tells me so.
By loving, trusting and praying,
By witnessing and obeying,
I'll grow in God's knowledge and grace
Until I look on His face.

758 THE BOOK OF BOOKS

God's Word is like a hammer
That breaketh the rock in twain;
A lamp to guide our footsteps,
And a light on the stormy main;
A sword that has two edges,
And a mirror ourselves to see
O yes, this is the Book of books,
The B-I-B-L-E!

'Tis living seed that groweth
When into the heart received:
Like milk and meat will cause to grow.
Those who have on Christ believed:
Like water it will cleanse us.
From defilement will set us free
O yes, this is the Book of books.
The B-I-B-L-E!

759 BOOKS OF THE OLD TESTAMENT

Let us sing the books of Moses,
Of Moses, of Moses
Let us sing the books of Moses,
For he wrote the law.
First Genesis; second, Exodus;
Third Leviticus; fourth Numbers;
And the fifth is Deuteronomy,
The last of them all.

Let us sing the books of History,
of History, of History.
Let us sing the books of History,
Which tell of the Jews.
There's Joshua, and Judges,
And the story of Ruth.
Then First and Second Samuel,
And First and Second Kings
Then First and Second Chronicles,
Which give us the Records.
Then Ezra, Nehemiah, And Esther, the Queen.

Let us sing the books of Poetry,
of Poetry, of Poetry,
Let us sing the books of Poetry,
The songs the Jews sang.
Job the patient, Psalms of David,
The Proverbs of a wise one;
And then Ecclesiastes,
And the Song of Solomon.

Let us sing the Major Prophets,
Major Prophets, Major Prophets,
Let us sing the Major Prophets,
The greatest of them all.
Isaiah, Jeremiah,
Who wrote Lamentations;
Then Ezekiel and Daniel,
Who were true to their God.

Let us sing the Minor Prophets,
Minor Prophets, Minor Prophets,
Let us sing the Minor Prophets,
There are twelve of them all.
Hosea, Joel, Amos, Obadiah,
Jonah, Micah, Nahum, Habakkuk
Zephaniah, Haggai,
Zechariah, Malachi.

760 THE B-I-B-L-E

The B-I-B-L-E,
Yes, that's the book for me;
I stand alone on the Word of God;
The B-I-B-L-E. BIBLE!

761 BOOKS OF THE NEW TESTAMENT

The first four books which come along
Are Matthew, Mark and Luke and John,
Then come Acts and Romans too,
Yes, the first six books are easy to do.

First and Second Corinthians,
Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians;
Now remember Colossians' next in line
With the two Thessalonians right behind.

First and Second Timothy,
We're over half way it's easy to see-
Titus, Philemon, Hebrews and James,
Now only seven more remain.

You've got First and Second Peter, then First John,
But John has three books before you go on,
Now we're almost done - there's only Jude
And Revelation, now our song is due.

(All the verses may be sung concurrently by 4 different groups)

762 THE BIBLE STANDS

The Bible stands like a rock undaunted
'Mid the raging storms of time;
Its pages burn with the truth eternal,
And they glow with a light sublime.

Chorus:
The Bible stands though the hills may tumble,
It will firmly stand when the earth shall crumble;
I will plant my feet on its firm foundation,
For the Bible stands.

The Bible stands like a mountain tow'ring
Far above the works of men;
Its truth by none ever was refuted,
And destroy it they never can.

The Bible stands, and it will forever
When the world has passed away;
By inspiration it has been given-
All its precepts I will obey.

The Bible stands every test we give it
For its Author is divine;
By grace alone I expect to live it
And to prove it and to make it mine.

763 WONDERFUL WORDS OF LIFE

Sing them over again to me
Wonderful words of Life;
Let me more of their beauty see
Wonderful words of Life.
Words of life and beauty,
Teach me faith and duty:
Beautiful words, wonderful words,
Wonderful words of life;
Beautiful words, wonderful words,
Wonderful words of life.

764 THY WORD IS LIKE A GARDEN, LORD

Thy Word is like a garden, Lord, with flowers bright and fair;
And ev'ryone who seeks may pluck a lovely cluster there.
Thy Word is like a deep, deep mine, and jewels rich and rare
Are hidden in its mighty depths for every searcher there.

Thy Word is like a starry host- a thousand rays of light
Are seen to guide the traveller and make his pathway bright.
Thy Word is like an armory where soldiers may repair
And find, for life's long battleday, all needful weapons there.

O may I love Thy precious Word, may I explore the mine,
May I its fragrant flowers glean, may light upon me shine.
O may I find my armor there, Thy Word my trusty sword!
I'll learn to fight with every foe the battle of the Lord!

765 LOVE FOR THY WORD

Love for Thy Word, O Lord, love for Thy Word,
Thine own dear breath, O Lord, within Thy Word!
Fill me with zeal to find in each and every line
Riches of truth so fine: gems from Thy Word!

Love for Thy Word, O Lord, love for Thy Word,
Life-giving streams afford from all Thy Word!
Let all Thy glory shine forth, from Thy Book Divine
Into this heart of mine, life from Thy Word!

Love for Thy Word, O Lord, love for Thy Word,
Make my soul cleave, O Lord, unto Thy Word;
Give to my heart this day this blessedness, I pray
Both to hear and obey all of Thy Word!

766 THE OLD BOOK AND THE OLD FAITH

'Mid the storms of doubt and unbelief we fear,
Stands a Book eternal that the world holds dear;
Through the restless ages it remains the same-
'Tis the Book of God, and the Bible is its name!

Chorus:
The old Book and the old Faith are the Rock on which I stand!
The old Book and the old Faith are the bulwark of the land!
Through storm and stress they stand the test,
In ev'ry clime and nation blest;
The old Book and the old Faith, are the hope of ev'ry land!

'Tis the Book that tells us of the Father's love,
When He sent His Son to us from heav'n above,
Who by richest promise creates hope within,
For 'tis through His blood we are saved from every sin!

'Tis the Book that tells us of the will of God
And the Saviour's teachings while the earth He trod-
How He soothed earth's sorrows and relieved its woe,
Through whom strength is given to conquer every foe!

'Tis the Book that tells us of eternal life,
After faithful service in a world of strife,
And this glorious triumph over death's dark fears
Is the world's best gift in an age of countless tears!

Grand chorus at close (May be omitted):
O the grand old Book and the dear old Faith
Are the Rock on which I stand!
O the grand old Book and the dear old Faith
Are the hope of ev'ry land!

767 THE WONDERFUL WORD OF GOD

I have a precious Book, it's the Word of God,
It's the only Book that God has giv'n.
As I read, God speaks to me- I see Christ and Calvary,
The wonderful Word of God.

Forever it will stand as the ages roll,
It's the living and eternal Word.
It's my guiding light each day and without it I would stray;
The Wonderful Word of God.

Dear Lord, may I each day read Thy precious Word,
May I love it and obey it too.
May I grow to be like Thee, may my friends see Christ in me-
In Jesus' Name, Amen.

768 OPEN MY EYES, THAT I MAY SEE

Open my eyes, that I may see
Glimpses of truth Thou hast for me;
Place in my hands the wonderful key
That shall unclasp and set me free.
Silently now I wait for Thee,
Ready my God, Thy will to see;
Open my eyes -- illumine me, Spirit divine!

Open my ears, that I may hear
Voices of truth Thou sendest clear;
And while the wave notes fall on my ear,
Ev'rything false will disappear.
Silently now I wait for Thee,
Ready, my God, Thy will to see;
Open my ears -- illumine me, Spirit divine!

Open my mouth, and let me bear
Gladly the warm truth ev'rywhere;
Open my heart and let me prepare
Love with Thy children thus to share.
Silently now I wait for Thee,
Ready, my God, Thy will to see;
Open my heart -- illumine me, Spirit divine!